Structure
Dogen was a Zen priest in the early Kamakura period .
He was the founder of the Soto sect .
He was also called Rogen in his later years .
He was also known as the founder of the sect .
His posthumous name was Butsuden Kokushi , Joyo Daishi ( a priest ) .
It is generally called Dogen Zenji .
It is said that the manners and manners of meal and meals are said to have spread to Japan .
There is also a theory that he returned to the first Silk ( Memorial Shochiku ) .
There are many theories about the birth of Dogen , but there are various theories about the direct descendant of Michichika TSUCHIMIKADO ( MINAMOTO no Michichika , Michichika KOGA and Michichika KOGA ) .
According to the theory , it is said that he was born as a son of FUJIWARA no Ishi , a daughter of FUJIWARA no Motofusa ( FUJIWARA no Motofusa ) , who was a daughter of FUJIWARA no Motofusa ( FUJIWARA no Motofusa ) , who was the Matsudo-dono villa in Kyoto , Kyoto , but in recent years , it is said that he was a biological child of Michitoshi HORIKAWA , who was a biological child of Tomonori HORIKAWA , who was said to be his foster father .
There is also a theory that he was a son of Michichika , MINAMOTO no Michimitsu , and Michiko KOGA .
According to " Kenkoki " ( A Record of Kenka ) , he was three years old at the age of three , and he was adopted by his older paternal half-brother , Tomonori HORIKAWA , and was adopted by his older paternal half-brother , Michitoshi HORIKAWA .
According to one theory , there was a story that Motomichi , who was a maternal uncle of his maternal uncle , was adopted by the family of the Matsudono family , who had been a maternal uncle of his mother , but it is said that Dogen , who had felt uncertain .
There is a theory that the founder Shinran , the founder of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , was a maternal relative of each other .
There is a theory that the volume of " Shobogenzo " written by Shinran was written by Shinran .
In 1213 , he visited his uncle , Yoshiaki , who was a maternal uncle of Mt . Hiei .
In 1214 , he became a priest of the Tendai-zasu ( the head priest of the Tendai sect ) , and called himself Dogen Dogen .
In 1215 , he studied the Tendai sect of Tendai Sect under Kanetane .
In 1217 , he studied under Zenyo , a disciple of Saiyo in Kennin-ji Temple .
In 1223 , he went to the Southern Sung Dynasty to the Southern Sung Dynasty and received an impression from Jonjo of the Soto sect .
He returned to Japan in 1228 .
In 1233 , he opened Kosho-ji Temple in Fukakusa .
Around this time , he was suppressed by Mt . Hiei .
In July , 1243 , he moved to Echizen Province in Echizen Province by Yoshishige TANO , a jito ( manager and lord of manor ) of Echizen Province .
On the way , in response to the invitation of Nobutsuna SASAKI , the lord of the Kutsusuki-mura village , he joined the Kutsuki Village in the order of Nobutsuna SASAKI ( the origin of Kosho-ji Temple ) .
In 1244 , he founded Daibutsu-ji Temple .
In 1246 , he changed his name to Daibutsu-ji Temple and changed his name to Egen .
Around this time , he went down to Kamakura due to the invitation of Tokiyori HOJO , Yoshishige HATANO and others .
In the Kamakura period , it was a half period of time , but in the Kanto region , it was the first time in the Kanto region .
In 1253 , he handed over Eihei-ji Temple to his disciple Ejo , who was a disciple of Eihei-ji Temple , and died at the age of 54 ( at the age of 53 ) , and at the age of 54 , he died at the age of 54 ( at the age of 53 ) .
The cause of the death is said to be a tool .
Although it was completed by a certain number of Buddha , it was not only the main nature of Buddha , but it was the main nature of the Buddha , and it was the most important training of Buddha ( Shuseiyo ) , and it was the most important training of the Buddha .
In Kamakura Buddhism , many of the Suehishiso ( the teachings of Buddhism ) are based on the Taoist ideology , but it is not completely uncertain .
The statue of Shosho ( the highest rank of Buddhist priests ) is the end of the statue of the Buddha in the Buddhist law .
There are only one Kyodo ( Kyodo ) .
It is also known as yorishiro .
It is not necessarily that they want to live in the world .
There is a good sense of love , and there is a root in the Asashiki and Shimane .
It is a kind of Buddhist precepts , such as Buddha , and Negane ( a kind of Buddhist precepts ) , and they are all living in the Shimane .
It is the origin of the Buddhist law .
It is said that he could not be able to do so , saying , ' I should not be able to do so , ' and he was not only a disciple of Shakyamuni 's disciples , but he denied the teachings of the Mappo .
" Shoho Zokuzo "
" Shoho Zogenzo " ( The Sutra of the Law of Shoho ) , " Shobogenzo " ( The Painting of the Painting of the Present ) , published by Seijiro NISHIO , published by Iwanami Shoten , published by Iwanami Shoten )
" modern translation of the modern translation " ( 1 ) ( by Kazuo NISHISHIMA ) ( translated by Kazuo NISHISHIMA )
" Shoho Zokuzo ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) " ( Yatsuko MIZUNO ) ( Note , Yatsuko MIZUNO , 1990 )
" Shoho Zokuzo " ( translated by Kunio ISHII , published in 2004 )
" Eikahirairoku " ( written by Kunihiro ISHII , published in 2005 )
" Eihei Seiki "
" Tenza Kyoku "
" Tenza Kyotokanokanpu " ( translated by Hosho NAKAMURA ) ( translated by Hosho NAKAMURA , translated by Publisher )
" Shukushuho . "
" Shoho Zogenki " ( The Record of the Shoho Zodiac ) : A lecture of Dogen 's lecture on Dogen .
" Shobogenzo " ( Commentary on the Law ) , " Shobogenzo " ( Commentary on the Traditional Codes of the Present ) , 1958 , " Shobogenzo , 1958 , 1958 "
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( written by Jo FURUTA , published by Kanden Bunko , 1960 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( revised by Tetsuro WATSUJI , published in 1982 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( Picture of Yazo MIZUNO ) ( translated by Yasuko MIZUNO , translated by Yasuko MIZUNO )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( translated by Ikeda ) ( translated by Ikeda Publishing Co . , Ltd . , 1993 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( written by Shoichi YAMAZAKI , published by Seiichi YAMAZAKI , 2003 )
" Dogen Zenji Zenshu Zenshu " ( The collection of Zen Zenji Zenshu Zenshu ) , published by Shunshu-sha Publishing Co . , Ltd .
Documents
" Dogen Zenshi " ( Iwanami bunko ) ( Iwanami bunko )
" Dogen " by Michio TAKEUCHI ( a member of the ' Dogen ' ) , 1962
" Dogen Zenji 's life " by Shinichi TAKAHASHI
" Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen Dogen ) , 1971
" Dogen Zazenzo , " " Dogen Zazenzo , " " Dogen Zazenzo , "
Akira SUGANUMA , " Dogen 's dictionary , " published by Tokyo Publishing 1977
" Koza Dogen " edited by Motaka KAMISHIMA and Shiro YUKI , " Koza Dogen " ( The Picture of the Paintings of Dogen ) edited by Motaka KASHIMA and Shiro TAMAKI
" Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen )
It is 18 to 18 , including " Dogen " by Ryotaro SHIBA , " Echizen no Shodo " ( The Dogen of Echizen Province ) , and the Asahi Shinbun ( the newspaper of the Asahi Newspaper ) and 661 .
Ryotaro SHIBA : ' Sozo of YAMANAKA ' ( the same year ) : 663 .
Ryotaro SHIBA : 777 - 889 .
Ryotaro SHIBA : ' The portrait of Jakuen ' ( the first collection of the book ) : 10-104 .
" Dogen Zenshi " ( Dogen Zenji ) , " Dogen Zenshi " ( The History of Dogen )
Umekoji steam Locomotive Museum is a steam locomotive facility that is located in Kani-machi , Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture , and is a steam locomotive facility that is operated by the West Japan Railway Company .
On October 10 , 1972 , the Japanese National Railways was established in Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City as a result of the construction of the Japan National Railways ( Japan National Railways ) , and it was the first Japanese facility that supported the railway transportation of Japan in the first century , and it was the first Japanese facility that supported the railway transportation of Japan in the first century .
In 1987 , JR West was succeeded by JR West .
In addition , the facilities of this facility is located in Umekoji Station ( Umekoji Station ) , and the steam locomotives , which is operated by a steam locomotives , and the electrified locomotive locomotive of the Sagano Scenic Railway Co . , Ltd .
In the latter half of the 1960s , a steam locomotive made of steam locomotives , which had been established in the latter half of the 1960s .
Initially , a small area of Mt . Oyama , Tochigi Prefecture , which was close to the capital area , was the most candidate candidate for the municipalities , but in 1970 , it was designated as a central part of the Kyoto Metropolitan area ( at that time ) , ' the central part of Japan ' was officially selected as a preservation district in 1970 .
In principle , the number of cars can be selected as the principle of the number of cars , but there are some cars that have not been scheduled to be scheduled to be scheduled to be scheduled to be scheduled .
The facility is called " steam locomotive Museum , " which is used by the former Umekoji Museum of the former Umekoji Ward , and the former Nijo station building was relocated to the former Nijo station building .
It was built in 1914 and was designated as an important cultural property on December 10 , 2004 , and it was designated as an important cultural property in the country along with the five electronic cost ( completed in 1915 ) .
In the same year , he was selected for the Natural Preservation Society of the Doki Society .
In 2006 , the construction of a steam locomotive , a type of steam locomotives , which was designated as the former Nijo station building , was designated as a commemorative commemorative building , and the construction of a steam locomotive building was designated as a commemorative commemorative commemorative .
The old station building of the former Nijo Station was constructed in 1904 , which was built by the Kyoto Railway Company , which was built by the Kyoto Railway Company , and it was built in the Heian Heian-jingu Shrine in order to make it into consideration .
The Kyoto Railway was nationalized in 1907 , and after that , it was used as a national system , but it was used as a station building of the Sanin Main Line ( Sagano Line ) , but in 1996 , the station building was relocated to the station building of the Sanin Main Line ( Sagano Line ) , and the building was relocated to the site of the main building of the main building in 1997 , and in 1997 , the building was relocated to the site of the main building of the main building of the main hall , and it is used as a museum .
In April 1996 , it was designated as a cultural property of Kyoto City .
In the form of a type of six-car steam locomotives in the Taisho period from Taisho to Showa periods , the number of sixteen cars ( sixteen cars ) are exhibited and exhibited .
At the beginning of the Kaikan , the preservation preservation is the principle , and the number of two cars , including 553 and 51 , 239 and 239 , but the number of vehicles has been provided with seven cars , however , the preservation of the preservation preservation has become seven seven cars in 2006 , and the preservation of the preservation preservation has become seven seven cars .
Among them , five five ryo ( five ryo ) are still available , and two ryo ( Cy57 No. 1 ) are served at the main line , such as the Yamaguchi Line , the Hokuriku Main Line , the Hokuriku Main Line , the Hokuriku Main Line , and ' Kitabiko ( train ) . '
These two cars are not available , but they are not able to be examined in the main line , because they do not have any investigation .
In addition , it is operated by the main line of ' SL Stream , ' which is used for exhibitions for exhibitions .
In the past , the station was located at the northern end of the station , which was located at the north end of the station , which was located at the northern end of the former Nijo Station , but it was changed to the north of the former Nijo-jo Station on the north side of the former Nijo-jo Station , and it was changed to the present Umekoji Park .
Even today , it has functions as an administrative district , and also the business line .
In addition , the improvement of the steam locomotive station was closed after the Kyoto Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Ubai
It is derived from ' Ubai ' which means Umekoji .
It is designated as a special commemorative commentary on the C62 No. 1 , which was designated as a model of the C62 No. 1 , which was designated in 1976 , and in 2006 , it was designated as a national treasure .
In 1972 , it is said that the term " tegoto " was transferred from the Independent Institutions in 1972 .
The number of the book was not available from the site of Umekoji .
8620 steam locomotives :
It was produced in 1914 .
It was transferred from the Hirosaki Universities .
In 1979 , it was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
JNR 600 steam locomotive
In 1914 , he was established .
It was transferred from Otaru Station .
In 1979 , it was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
In 1987 , it was preserved .
JNR / JR type steam locomotive
In 1946 , it was produced by Sozan SHIEYAMA .
It was transferred from the Kagoshima district .
In 1979 , it was dissolved .
In 2002 , the temple was restored and restored in 2002 .
JNR C11 steam locomotive
In 1940 , it was made by Kawasaki Electric Railway .
It was transferred from the Aizu Wakamatsu-jo Center for the Aizu-Wakamatsu Center .
In 1987 , it was dissolved .
JNR C51 steam locomotive
It was manufactured in 1927 .
In 1962 , it was abolished in the Shinatsu Transport Ward .
It was kept at the site of the Niigata Railway School , and it was restored by Umekoji Station , and it was restored by Umekoji Station .
JNR Card steam locomotive
In 1928 , the company was manufactured .
It was abolished in Umekoji Ward in 1950 .
It was preserved in 1961 and was preserved in the Museum of Technology in 1961 .
JNR C55 steam locomotive
1935 : Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
The station was transferred from the Kami-gawa River .
In 1979 , it was dissolved .
JNR C56 steam locomotive ( a train car )
1939 : Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Matsumoto Transport Co . , Ltd .
JNR C57 steam locomotive - ( The station was operated by car ) .
In 1937 , Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Inakura Ward .
JNR C58 steam locomotive
It was produced in 1938 .
The station was transferred from the Kitakinomi Station .
In 1987 , it was dissolved .
JNR steam locomotive locomotive
In 1946 , it was produced in Japan .
It was transferred from the Nara Station .
In 1979 , it was dissolved .
JNR C61 steam locomotive : ( there is a car )
In 1948 , the Mitsubishi Industry Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Miyazaki Ward .
In 1979 , it was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
It was revived in 1987 .
JNR C62 steam locomotive
It was established in 1948 .
In 1967 , it was abolished in the Hiroshima second ward .
In 1986 , it was designated as a national treasure , and it was stored in Hiroshima Railway Gakuen .
In 1994 , it was relocated to Umekoji .
C62 No. 2 : Created ( there is a car ) .
It was established in 1948 .
It was transferred from Otaru Kubinchi Ward .
In 1979 , it was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
It was revived in 1987 .
JNR Dam steam locomotive
It was produced in 1925 .
It was transferred from the Naokata district .
In 1979 , it was dissolved .
JNR 51 steam locomotive
1936 : Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from the Hamada district .
In 1987 , it was dissolved .
D51 type 200 : ( there is a number of car )
1938 : The Tokai Railway Company ( JR Central Japan Railway Company ) was established .
It was transferred from the Nakagawa-ku Ward .
In 1979 , it was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
It was revived in 1987 .
JNR : Type 52 steam locomotives
1946 : The Mitsubishi Industry Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Goryokaku in Goryokaku .
In 1979 , it was dissolved .
JRRC : 1010-2010
Picture : 633333933
Picture 50 : 10 of the Picture : 50 : 50 : 00 of the Calligraphy of Umekoji Dam Locomotive Museum
Picture 51 : 1 / 1 / 1 , C62 1 , C62 1 , C62 No. 1
Picture : 51,000-200 ( Swed-go )
Picture : 5345 cubic 5545
The portrait of JR-W-56160 ( SL ) No. 160 ( SL )
Picture : 6088,011 J.P.
Picture R-621 - Coul C62 No. 621-1
JR-W-622 C62 No. 2 , 662
JNR 10 Diesel locomotives
There are two cars and two cars .
JNR / JR Series 50
It is used as a room room .
Although there is a lot of the original shape , it is used for households for households , and the inside of the house is placed on the back .
In addition , it is impossible to use it .
" Umekoji 9090 " ( West Japan Railway Company , 2004 ) ISBN 477770705
" JNR / JR Tokaido Line II " ( Hozu-sha Shrine , 1984 ) ISBN 4586553012X
Sueki SO ' ( Umekoji steam locomotive )
In December , 1994 , " Railway Film " ( magazine ) , the first time for the first time in " Folk " ( magazine ) , Umekoji steaming and Umekoji steaming
In 1994 , the construction of Umekoji Park and the National Route 221 commemorating the commemorative service for preservation and preservation .
Kozan TAKAYAMA , ' Umekoji , ' 1 , 1
Sumiya-sha Shrine : January 1998 - February 41-442 , No. 41-442
Shomyo is one of Japanese traditional music .
It is a religious music used in Buddhist scriptures .
In Japan , it is also called Bonbai , Bonshutsu .
It is written in the old Japanese style .
It is one of the academic fields of ancient India .
Goryo refers to five kinds of learning , such as Shomyo , Bungaku ( study of Chinese classics ) , Engaku ( art of calligraphy ) , Ming ( study ) , Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics of Buddhism ) .
It has been handed down to Japan along with Japan .
There is a record that the Buddhist memorial service for the Great Buddha of Todai-ji Temple was held in 754 , and in the Nara period , Shomyo was actively performed in the Nara period .
In the early Heian period , Saicho , Kukai and Kukai handed over their Shomyo , and became the head of the Tendai sect and Shingon Shomyo .
In addition to the Tendai sect and Shingon sect , there are various opinions of each sect , and today it is still inherited .
In order to transmit the koden , there was no music .
Therefore , Denju was difficult .
In later years , hakase ( hakase ) was invented .
In addition , there is a difference in the specialty of each school .
However , the hakase ( hakase ) is a reference for the purpose , and if it is necessary , it is necessary to learn the shomyo , and it is not possible to maintain the school 's teachings and succession to his disciples .
Therefore , the leaders and successors were required .
As a result of various conditions , many schools disappeared .
It became the basis for Saicho , which was the foundation of Saicho , and developed its own development .
After Saicho , the Ennin and Annen were expelled .
The founder of the Yuzu Nenbutsu is known as the founder of Nakoki .
In 1109 , Ryoo built in Ohara , Kyoto ( Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City ) .
The sango ( literally , " mountain name " ) , which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple in Ohara , is called Mt . Uoyama , and it is called Mt . Uoyama .
Before long , he became known as a dojo ( training hall ) of the Ohara-ryu school , which was known as a dojo ( training hall ) of the Ohara school .
In addition , Jakuhara became a member of the school , and in Ohara , the two schools of the two schools were in Ohara .
Later , Muneyoshi started to restore Ohara Shomyo .
Tanchi built a new theory based on the theory of new music .
Since then , the central part of the Tendai sect is now inherited by the Tendai sect .
Yuzu Nenbutsu sect , Jodo sect , Jodo Shinshu sect , and Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) is a line of the Tendai sect .
The Shingon Shomyo is the basis of Kukai , and now it has become the basis .
It was after Masamasa , who had been systematized as a systematic system .
He is also said to be the founder of the Kancho era .
He served as a composition of Shomyo .
In the Kamakura period , many schools were included in many schools , but it was compiled by Cloistered Imperial Prince Kakuho , and the four schools were compiled by Cloistered Imperial Prince Kakuho , the school of the school of the school , and the Nakagawa school of the Daigo school and the Nakagawa River . )
The Shomyo of the Kogi Shingon sect was abolished and abolished in the Edo period .
In the middle of the Meiji period , the school was abolished in the middle of the Meiji period and the Daigo school , the school of the Daigo school , and the Daigo school .
Currently , it is divided into Chiyama ( Chizan ) ( Chishakuin , Kyoto ) , Toyoyama ( Mt . Koya ) , Toyoyama ( Mt . Koya ) , Mt . Koya , and Nanzan-ryu school ( Mt . Koya ) , the Nanzan school .
The name of Chizan Shomyo ( New Shingon sect ) and Toyokoyama school of Shingon sect ( Shingi Shingon sect ) , the Shingon sect of the Shingon sect , is derived from the Nakagawa Daishinryu school , and it originated from the Nakagawa Dairyu school .
Yorikane had the old school of Daigo .
In 1583 , when the Negoro-ji Temple ( Wakayama Prefecture ) was burned down by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , both sides of Chiyama and Mt . Chizan were established based on the old schools of Daigo .
It is characterized as a feature of Mt . Chizan , and is called ' Shomyo ' in Mt . Chizan .
The Nakagawa school of the Nanzan school was established by Oku NAKAGAWA , the head of the Nakagawa school .
The Nakagawa school was the Daijin of Nakagawa-dera Temple , Nara and Nakagawa .
He moved to Mt . Koya in 1232 and 1233 in Sanpo-in Temple in Mt . Koya and moved to Mt . Koya .
Later , the name of Mt . Koya was also called Mt . Koya , and was called Nanzan school .
It is also called the Shinyu school and Nonoyama school .
It can be said that songs such as Heikyoku ( Noh song ) , Noh song , and Joruri ( dramatic narrative chanted to a Noh play ) , and so on .
The influence of hitoe music is greatly influenced .
Emperor Tenchi .
A male .
626 - January 7 , 672 .
The thirty-eighth Emperor .
His Japanese-style posthumous name was Amenomihitsumi no Mikoto .
His imina ( personal name ) was Katsuragi .
It is believed that he was also called Katsuragi no Miko .
He is generally known as Ono no Oe no Oji .
" Oi no Oe " means the crown prince , and ' Naka no Oe ' means ' the next Crown Prince . '
Summary
He was the second prince of Emperor Jomei .
His mother was Princess Hatsuhime ( later Emperor Kogyoku ) .
The Empress was Princess Yamatohime no Okimi , a daughter of his older paternal half-brother , Prince Yamatohime .
He made a coup d 'etat to kill SOGA no Iruka and killed SOGA no Iruka , and his uncle , Emperor Kotoku ascended the throne .
Then , he established a new era name ( Taika no hen ( the Taika Reforms ) ( the central figure in the Taika Reforms ) .
In addition , he was sentenced to death by a coup d 'etat , such as Prince Arima .
Since Baekje was defeated by Tang Dynasty China in 660 , he returned to the Imperial Court and sent Yung KUDACHI who was staying in the Imperial Court .
He stayed in Tsukushi in order to protect Baekje , but in 666 , Emperor Saimei passed away .
After that , he was not able to do with the Imperial Throne , but he was defeated in the Battle of Hakusukinoe in 663 , and he was enthroned in Otsu City and succeeded to the throne .
After the Battle of Hakusukinoe , the castle was established as a part of the policy of the defense of the land , fire , fire , and defense .
In addition , the rank of Jurokui ( Senior Eighth Rank ) was carried out in the fourteenth century and the system of reforms .
In addition , in 670 , he made ' Koshin no Kuni ' ( Newspaper ) , which was the oldest family registration in Japan .
According to Nihonshoki , the Nihonshoki ( Chronicles of Japan ) that the Emperor Tenchi had to succeed the throne to the Imperial Prince Otomo , Prince Otomo .
However , the Jinshin War broke out after the death of Emperor Tenchi , Prince Oama ( Emperor Tenmu ) won the Prince Otomo and succeeded to the throne .
After that , the Emperor Tenmu continued to become Emperor Shotoku .
After the death of Empress Shotoku , Prince Shirakabe , the grandson of Emperor Konin , ascended the throne as Emperor Konin , and after that , it became the Tenji line .
It is said that he was sent by Prince Oama as his wife , and he sent four daughters of Prince Oama as the wife of Prince Oama .
Brief Personal History
626 :
July 12 , 645 : He became the Crown Prince .
August 24 , 661 :
February 20 , 668 :
December 7 , 672 : 46 years old .
( According to " Fuso Ryakki " ( The History of Japan ) , there is a theory that the Emperor Tenmu 's assassination of the Emperor Tenmu was killed by the Emperor Tenmu , saying , ' The Emperor is the mountain of the mountain in the mountains of the mountain in the mountains of the mountain , ' and it is said that the Emperor Tenmu 's assassination of the Emperor Tenmu was killed in the mountains .
It is a mysterious mysterious mysterious mystery in the middle of the seventh century .
There are several theories about this .
It is an order to support the Emperor Tenmu .
It is a misunderstanding that the Emperor Tenmu was a younger brother of Emperor Tenchi and the Emperor Tenmu , who was a younger brother of Emperor Tenchi , was a son of Emperor Jomei , and it is based on the theory that the Emperor Tenchi was the older brother of Emperor Tenchi .
When the Emperor Tenmu died at the age of Emperor Tenchi in " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , he was born at the age of Emperor Tenmu .
However , there is no contradiction between the two historical materials , but there are many historical materials that have a difference between 8 and 9 .
On the other hand , there was a theory that ' the father of his father was a younger brother of his father , ' however , there is a theory that says that ' the younger brother of his brother , who was a younger brother of his older brother , was said to be a younger brother , ' but it is said that the age of the age of 16 , which is described in " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , was the age of 16 , and when Emperor Jomei ascended the throne , he died in the age of 16 .
Therefore , the year of his birth year was in 614 , which was adopted by the Imperial Court in the same year .
" In the ancient times , there was not a rare case in the ancient times , " and it was not unusual in the ancient times , and it was not unusual for the Emperor Tenchi and Jito ( Empress Jito , who had already been enthroned in the era of Emperor Tenmu ) .
Therefore , there was a misunderstanding .
In addition , there is also a theory that the book is different from the fact that " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) was compiled in the era of " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
( Refer to the article of ' Emperor Tenmu age ' ) .
It is said that the Isshi Incident was a coup d 'etat ( Emperor Kotoku ) , and Prince Naka no Oe was dismissed from the position .
In recent years , the relationship between Naka no Oe no Oe and SOGA no Iruka was very good , and the basic policy was similar to the basic policy .
As a result , Prince Naka no Oe no Oji killed Iruka .
In addition , in the description of the Taika Reforms of Nihonshoki ( Chronicles of Japan ) , this theory came to be seen in the description of the Taika Reforms .
In addition , the reason why the Emperor Kogyoku 's abdication was banned by the Soga clan , who had not been expelled after the Emperor Kogyoku 's abdication , and so on .
It is a theory that the enthronement of Emperor Tenchi was acceded to the throne .
This is because Emperor Kotoku , who was described in " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , describes that she was a wife of Emperor Kotoku who was a wife of Emperor Tenchi ( the younger maternal half-sister of Emperor Tenchi ) .
Although she was allowed to love love with her half-brothers , she was allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to have a close relationship with his younger brothers , who was a younger sister of Chiko SANAKA , but he was disguised by his uncle , Prince Okaru ( Emperor Kotoku ) , and he was disguised by his uncle , Prince Okaru ( Emperor Kotoku ) .
It is said that after the death of Emperor Saimei , the Imperial Princess was succeeded to the throne as the wife of the emperor , but there is a theory that it was caused by some circumstances .
In " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , there is a theory that the person who was a person who was called ' the Imperial Prince ' was the Emperor 's second emperor , and it is said that the Emperor was the Emperor who was the Emperor 's successor to the enthronement of Emperor Tenchi .
There is a theory that she was called ' the Imperial Princess , ' and it is considered that she was called ' the Imperial Princess , ' but it is not necessarily certain whether it was Emperor Saimei .
It is difficult for the history of history and historical materials , but it is difficult to conclude the study of the study of archaeology , such as the study of archaeological results , such as the study of archaeology .
Poems
It is also known as the Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) in Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
In Ogura Hyakunin Isshu ( the Ogura Anthology of One Hundred Poems by One Hundred Poems by One Hundred Poets ) , an honorific title for the first time in the Heian period was held , and the following poems were added to the beginning .
In the autumn of the autumn , the warming of the knees in the field of the field of the field is wounded by warming .
The following one is the following one .
In addition , Mt . Kaguyama is not able to do so , and it is not possible to say that it would not be seen from the gods of the gods and the gods of the gods .
Saionji family was a court noble who descended from the Fujiwara clan .
The Fujiwara clan was the Kanin line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan , and the family status was Seika .
The Toin family , Imadegawa family ( Kikutei family ) is a branch of the Saionji family .
He was a powerful branch of the Saionji clan , who used the name of Saionji , and the Saionji clan of Iyo Province .
The crest of the family crest is left .
The Saionji family was founded by FUJIWARA no Michisue , the third son of FUJIWARA no Kinzane .
At the time of his great-grandson , Kintsune SAIONJI , who was a great-great-grandson of Michisue , he was confined to the Imperial Court as a member of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the Jokyu War , and in the Jokyu War , he was confined to the Imperial Court as a relative of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and then he was confined to the Imperial Court as a member of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and then he was appointed to the position of Daijo daijin ( Grand minister of state ) .
The name of Saionji is derived from the name of a temple which was built in the villa of the villa in the villa of the villa ( Kitayama , Kadono County , Yamashiro Province ) .
This hall was also called Kita-dono Palace , and the current Kinkaku-ji Temple was built by Yoshimitsu ASHIKAGA from the Saionji family .
He was supported by the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) from Kintsune , and also had a power to keep Sekke ( regents and advisers ) through the Kamakura period .
Sanekane SAIONJI was close to the Daikakuji-to ( Imperial lineage of Daikakuji ) and gave birth to the Cloistered Emperor Kameyama and Emperor Godaigo .
However , after FUJIWARA no Kinhira , the son of Kinhira SAIONJI , the Daikakuji Imperial line supported the Jimyoin Imperial line and deepened the conflict between Daikakuji Imperial line and the Daikakuji line .
After that , the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was dismissed from the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) at the time of Kinmochi SAIONJI .
In the remnants of the Hojo clan ( Tokoki ) , the remnant of the Hojo clan , the Emperor Godaigo , who was the remnant of the Hojo clan , was assassinated by the Emperor Godaigo , who started the Kenmu Restoration , and planned a rebellion against the Retired Emperor Fushimi , who was the successor of the Jimyoin line , and was arrested and executed by Kinshige SAIONJI , his younger brother .
During the period of the Northern and Southern Courts , Sanetoshi SAIONJI , a son of Kinmune , served the Northern Court ( Japan ) to the Minister of the Right , and restored the family name .
It was also known as a family business in the Muromachi period and the Edo period .
In the early Edo period , Saneharu SAIONJI , the legitimate son of Tadaoki HOSOKAWA ( later disinherited and disinherited ) , was appointed to the position of Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) , Tokutada , who was the eldest son of Tadaoki HOSOKAWA , and the Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) to the Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) , and the Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) was appointed to the position of Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) .
At the end of the Edo period , Kinmochi SAIONJI was adopted by the Tokudaiji family of the Kanin school , and he was active as a politician in the Meiji Restoration and was active as a politician in the Taisho and Showa periods , and became a politician in the Taisho and Showa periods .
Incidentally , there is a episode that the performance of the biwa ( biwa ) of the Saionji family was a family business of the Saionji family , but it is said that he was a member of the Imperial Household Ministry , and it is said that he was a member of the Imperial Household Ministry , and he was ordered to be a member of Gagaku ( Bureau of Carpentry ) of the Imperial Household Ministry , and he made a biwa ( biwa ) and biwa ( biwa ) .
Mt . Hiei is a mountain located in the western part of Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture and the northeastern part of Kyoto City .
It is a general term for the Meminamine , which is located in the boundary between Otsu City and Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , and is the generic name of Shiokaku , which is located in Sakyo Ward , Sakyo Ward .
It is located in Otsu City .
It is believed to have been worshipped by Mt . Koya along with Mt . Koya , and it flourished with Enryaku-ji Temple and Hiyoshi Taisha Shrine .
It is included in Higashiyama ( Kyoto Prefecture ) .
It is also known as Eizan , Hokan , Tendai , and so on .
Summary
It is located in the northeast of the north east of Kyoto , and Mt . Hiei is considered to be the mountain of the castle of the castle .
According to the Kojiki , Mt . Hiei is written as " Hiuyama " ( Mt . Hiei ) , and there is a description that Oyamakui no kami was enshrined in Mt . Hie in Omi Province .
After Enryaku-ji Temple was founded at Mt . Hito , Oyama no kami was regarded as the guardian deity of the Tendai sect and Enryaku-ji Temple as the guardian deity of the Tendai sect and the god of Mt . Oyama .
It is a mountain mountain where the temple is dedicated to Mt . Hiei at the foot of Mt . Hiei and the Hiyoshi Taisha Shrine at the foot of Mt . Hiei .
It is also popular , and there is a mountain road that runs from the Shugakuin , Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , and there is a mountain road , which is located in Sakamoto , Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City ( Otsu City ) and Sakamoto ( Otsu City ) and Sakamoto ( Otsu City ) .
There are many Buddhist priests , priests and priests who represent Enryaku-ji Temple in Kyoto from ancient times to Kyoto from ancient times , and there are many visitors to visit the mountain .
In the Yamauchi area , the Tokai-do Road , which runs from Otsu to Ohara , Kyoto , is located .
In order to go to the top of the mountain , there is a lot of tourists visit to the top of the mountain to the top of the mountain .
In the past , the site of Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei were located , and all of them were closed until 2002 , and the site of the site of the site was called ' Gatan Museum , ' and the site of the site of the site of the site is called ' Garan Museum . '
In addition , the Kyoto side was located on the side of the Mori area , but it was closed on November 30 , 2001 , and the site was closed on November 30 , 2001 .
Dainiei and Shirakaku
According to the surveys of the land of land land , it is called Mt . Hiei and the west of Mt . Hiei , and it is called Mt . Hiei as a general term .
In ' The Record of the Past , ' the name ' Mt . Hiei ' is called ' Mt . Hiei ' ( Mt . Hiei ) .
It is located on the border between Otsu City and Kyoto City , but it is located in Otsu City .
It is difficult to confirm the top of Mt . Hiei in the Kyoto Basin , and it is difficult to confirm the top of Mt . Hiei .
In the Eizan Electric Railway , the Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , the top of Mt . Hiei is located at the top of Mt . Hiei .
There are many theories about the name of the name of the country , and there are many theories about the name of the land of the land , such as ' Shirogatake , ' ' Shiyakuho , ' and ' Shiyakuho , ' ' the name of Kyoto City , ' and ' Shimonoho . '
The name of Mt . Hiei , which is the name of Mt . Hiei , is the name of the Tendai sect , which originated from the Tendai-shu sect of the Tendai sect , which originated from the Tendai sect of the Tendai sect .
Geography
From the side of Mt . Hiei ( left )
The mountain area of Tanba Province is divided into the boundary between the mountains and the flag .
Therefore , it is considered to belong to Mt . Hiei or Mt . Hiei .
Access
Mt . Hiei Railway ( Sakamoto Cable ) ( Sakamoto Cable )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Eizan Cable )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd .
Mt . Hiei Drive
Kyoto Prefectural Road 30 , Shiga Prefectural Road 30 , Kyoto Prefectural Road 30
Mt . Hiei Drive Bus Co . , Ltd . , Mt . Hiei
The Keihan Bus Yamashina Office
Kyoto Bus Arashiyama Line ( Mt . Hiei Drive Bus )
TV broadcasting station
On the side of Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , there is a TV television that is located in Kyoto Prefecture .
In the Shiga Prefecture , it has been established as an analysis .
Structure Detwork Broadcasting Corporation
April 1 , 2005 : The station started .
Industrial facilities : Broadcasting Corporation
Bingo
The TV program of Osaka Broadcasting Co . , Ltd . , Ltd . , NHK TV program , BBS broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting , and Telephone TV broadcasting broadcasting , and the TV broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting by Osaka Broadcasting Co . , Ltd . , Ltd .
There is a lot of people who see the NHK NHK , NHK NHK , NHK NHK .
Tokai-do Gojusan-tsugi
In the Edo period , the area of the Tokaido Road , which was connected to Edo ( Tokyo Metropolitan Chuo Ward ) and Kyoto ( Sanjo-ohashi Bridge ) .
It is explained in this section .
It is a Ukiyoe ( Japanese woodblock prints ) by Hiroshige UTAGAWA , who painted on the Tokaido Road ( 55 ) of the Tokaido Road .
It is a foodstuff of the foodstuffs which was sold from Susanoo .
- > Tokaido Gojusan-no-Jitsugi ( The Three Tales of Tokaido )
Tokai-do Gojusan-tsugi is a street running along the Tokaido Road , which is built in the Edo period , and the section between the Tokaido Road and the Tokaido Road , which runs along the Tokaido Road .
In many cases , there were many places where all of them were built at the site of the scenery and famous famous sites , and they were often often used as the subject of Ukiyoe ( Japanese woodblock prints ) , waka ( Japanese poetry ) and haiku .
In the case of the fifty-three syllables , it is referred to as the fifty-seven syllables , and in the case of Osaka to Osaka , it becomes the fifty-seven syllables .
The following are classified into each province .
The number of the number is different from Shinagawa .
* The autonomous body of autonomous autonomous autonomous autonomy in the Heisei period is also written .
Nihonbashi ( Chuo Ward , Tokyo )
1 . Shinagawa ( Shinagawa Ward , Tokyo )
2 . Kawasaki juku ( Kawasaki Ward , Kanagawa Prefecture )
3 . Fukai-juku ( Kanagawa Ward , Kanagawa Prefecture )
4.4 : Yagatani , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( Hozonagaya Ward , Yokohama City )
5.5 Takarazuka ( Takarazuka Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
6 . Fujisawa-juku ( Fujisawa City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
7.Hirazuka Station ( Hirazuka City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
8 . Oiki-juku ( Kanagawa Prefecture , Kanagawa Prefecture )
9 : Odawara ( Odawara City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
10 . Hakone juku ( located in Hakone Town , Kanagawa Prefecture )
11.3 Mishima Station ( Mishima City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
12 . Numatsu-juku ( Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
13 . Sakaido ( Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
14 . Yoshiwa-juku ( Fuji City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
15 : Gabaka-juku ( Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
16 . Yatsuijuku ( Yu-machi , Ihara County , Shizuoka Prefecture )
17 : Okuki-juku ( Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
18.Ejiri-juku ( Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
19 : Fuchu no juku ( Aoi Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
20.Muko juku ( Suruga Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
221 : Okabe no juku ( Shita County , Shizuoka Prefecture )
22 : Fujijuku Station ( Fujita City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
23 . Shimada Shuku ( Shimada City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
24.24 Kaya Shuku ( Shimada City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
25 : Hizaka-juku ( Kakegawa City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
26.Kakegawa-juku ( Kakegawa City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
27 : Fukurodo juku ( Fukuroi City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
28.3 m.m. ( Iwata City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
29.Hamamatsu-shuku ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
30 : Bikazuka-juku ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ) ( former Hamamatsu City , Hamamatsu City )
31 : Shinjuku ( Shinmachi , Hama County , Shizuoka Prefecture )
32 : Hakusa-juku ( Kosei City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
33 : Ichikawa-juku ( Toyohashi City , Aichi Prefecture )
434 Yoshida juku ( Toyohashi City , Aichi Prefecture )
35 : Oyuki-juku ( Toyokawa City , Aichi Prefecture )
36 : Akasaka juku ( Toyokawa City , Aichi Prefecture )
37 : Fujikawa-juku ( Okazaki City , Aichi Prefecture )
38 : Okazaki-juku ( Okazaki City , Aichi Prefecture )
339 : Oiki-koiki-juku ( Chichi City , Aichi Prefecture )
40 : Naruki-juku ( Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture )
441 Miyako-juku ( Atsuta Ward , Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture )
42 Kuwana juku ( Kuwana City , Mie Prefecture )
43 : Yokkaichi City ( Mie Prefecture )
444 koku Yakushi juku ( Suzuka City , Mie Prefecture )
45 : Shoya juku ( Suzuka City , Mie Prefecture )
46 : Kameyama Station ( Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
47 : Sekiyado ( Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture ) ( old town of Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
448 : Sakasuke no juku ( Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture ) ( old town of Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
449 Toshuku Shuku ( Koka City , Shiga Prefecture ( old town of Koga County , Shiga Prefecture )
50 : Minakuuchi-juku ( Koka City , Shiga Prefecture )
51 : Bound for Iwabe no juku ( located in Koan City , Shiga Prefecture )
52 : Kusatsu-juku ( Kusatsu City , Shiga Prefecture )
553 Otsu-juku ( Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture )
Sanjo Ohashi Bridge ( Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
According to one theory , Ieyasu TOKUGAWA said that he was in charge of the name of Bugen Bosatsu ( the Bodhisattva of Fugen Bosatsu ) by the order of Monju Bosatsu ( Bodhisattva of Fugen Bosatsu ) , which is said to have been the head of Bugen Bosatsu ( Bodhisattva of Fugen Bosatsu ) by the order of Monju Bosatsu ( Bodhisattva of Fugen Bosatsu ) , which is said to have been in the place of Bugen Bosatsu ( Bodhisattva of Fugen Bosatsu ) .
It was established in 1619 when the station of the Tokaido Road ( Osaka Kaido Road ) was established in 1619 .
It is sometimes called the Tokai-do Road , which is also called Kyo-kaido Road .
In the case of the Tokaido Road to the Kyo-kaido Road , Sanjo-Ohashi Bridge is located in the southwest of Otsu Ohashi ( Oita Town , Otsu City ) , which is located in the southwest of Fushimi-juku ( Otsu City ) .
It is classified according to the Ritsuryo system .
The first number of the number is different .
The second number of the two is Shinagawa juku ( Musashi Province ) .
54 : Fushimi-juku ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
55 Yodo-juku ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
556 Hirakata-juku ( Hirakata City , Osaka Prefecture )
5.Moriguchi-juku Station ( Moriguchi City , Osaka Prefecture )
Goryeo ( Chuo Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture )
On the other hand , it was located in Kyobashi ( Chuo Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture ) , and it was located on the border between Chuo Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture .
" Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) was written in the middle of the Heian period , and it is said that the book was written by Shonagon , Shonagon ( chief councilor of state ) in the mid-Heian period .
" Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Harune-sho " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Shunsho " ( The Pillow Book ) , is the oldest of the manuscript in the Kamakura period .
It was also called " Seishuroki " ( The Diary of Shonagon ) .
In the " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , he gave a great impact on a great influence on renga ( linked verse ) , haikai ( a traditional Japanese poem of thirty-one syllables ) and Kanazoshi ( a Japanese syllabary ) .
It is also known as the three major history of Japan , such as " Hojoki " ( The Record of the Hojo clan ) written by Chomei YOSHIDA , and " Tsurezure Gusa " by Kaneyoshi YOSHIDA .
It has been pointed out that there is a similar description in " Yoshinoyama Zusan , " which was written in the late Tang Dynasty , which was a very unique body , and there is no description of the book .
According to the sentences of the end of the chapter , the origin of the book was made by FUJIWARA no Korechika , Minister of the Interior , and the name of the name of the name of the name of the emperor , and when FUJIWARA no Korechika , who was the younger sister of the Emperor Ichijo , presented a paper to the Emperor and the Emperor Ichijo , he asked him to write " The History of the Emperor , " and when Shonagon ( Shonagon ) , who was in the palace of the Imperial Palace , asked him to write " The Makura no Makura " ( The Pillow Book ) .
Then , according to the fact that it was given the paper from the Imperial Palace , it was given that the book was given to the original text , " Makura no Makura " ( The Makura no Makura no Makura ( The Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura [ The Pillow of the Pillow Makura ] , " Makura no Makura no Makura " ( The Pillow of the Makura no Makura [ The Pillow Makura ] and Maeda manuscript ) , and the book is not included in " Makura no Makura " ( The Makura no Makura ) .
There is a theory that the name ' Makura no Soshi ' comes from this .
According to the " Makura no Soshi no Kenkyu " ( The Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi ) , he was a researcher of the past , and the researchers such as Shinobu ORIGUCHI , Nobuo IKEDA and Kikan IKEDA .
The following is a representative theory .
Structure : ' The Makura no Makura ' ( The Makura no Makura ) , which is said to be the ' Makura no Makura ' ( The Makura no Makura ) .
Letters of the writer : " Makura no makura " ( The Makura Makura ) , " Shinju " ( a kind of words ) , and " Rahirai " ( literally , " Letter " ) , and so on .
Riboku Bokuroku : It is said to be a soshi ( a child ) , which is also placed as a zoshi ( a kind of mackerel ) .
The theory of Hokuzo
Religious theory
However , there is no clear theory .
In addition , " Eiga Monogatari " ( The Pillow Book ) was used as a common name for the beauty of the beautiful beauty of " Eiga Monogatari " ( The Pillow Book ) .
In the first volume of the first time , the first work was written in the same book , and in 996 , MINAMOTO no Tsunefusa , the middle captain of the left , brought from the family of the author .
Even after that , there is a description that it was written in the end of the Kanei era , and it is said that it was written in the end of the Kanei era .
The text of " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) written in " The Tale of Genji , " which is written in " The Tale of Genji , " which is written in " The Tale of Genji " ( The Tale of Genji ) , is a complicated process .
The difference between the biographies of the book is a big difference .
It consists of three volumes , and it consists of three volumes .
It is written in 1228 in the Oku-sho in 1228 , which is said to have been written by FUJIWARA no Teika .
It is considered that it is easy to read ' Buni Bunzashi ' and is considered to be close to the oldest .
The two types of Kikan IKEDA were classified into two types .
The first book is a book that started from the beginning of the beginning of the first volume of the book , ' The spring of the spring , ' which started from the beginning of the beginning .
It is about 230 .
Yomei Bunko Library : A collection of the Imperial Household Archives , the Imperial Household Archives , and the Takamatsumiya family .
The second book ( Otomono ) - 300 .
Yatomi Temio : A book owned by the Yatomi Library , a book owned by the Date family of the Date family , and the old book owned by the Kajuji family of the Kajuji family , and the old edition of the Kanjuji Bunko Library .
It is said that the family was related to the fact that he was a relative of Shonagon ( chief councilor of state ) and a relative of a relative , TACHIBANA no Norinaga ( a wife of TACHIBANA no Norinaga , who was a son of Shonagon , who was a son of Shonagon ) .
It came back to the end of the Kamakura period .
It has been widely accepted that the dispute between the three volumes and the three volumes is that the book is almost the same as the origin of the original book .
It is about 230 books for the beginning of the beginning .
300 books
It is considered to be the form of Ruiju .
It is a transcription in the Muromachi period .
There is a record that Hirokata KIYOHARA , a priest who lived in Sakai , was copied by Shiken KIYOHARA , who was a priest who lived in Sakai .
Two volumes .
The diary is not included in Nikki ( diary of diary ) .
Gokogon-in Temple : 190 story .
There is a record that Emperor Gokogon was copied .
This book was written by Shinkan .
It is one of the 95 stories .
The two kinds of two types :
In general , the Sakamoto-bon refers to this .
It is one volume of volume 107 .
It is one of two volumes .
The third volume is 102 .
It is one of the four stories .
5 volumes :
It is considered to be the form of Ruiju .
There are only Kaga Province and Maeda family , but there are only one of them .
It is a box with gold and silver powder , and it is said that the box was made by gold and silver .
It is an important cultural property .
It is said that the oldest volume of " Makura no Soshi " was written in the early Kamakura period .
Among this , the book is written in " Gunsho Ruiju " ( Collection of Gunsho Ruiju [ Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ] ) , and the three types of Sakamoto-bon are included in the " Shin Gunsho Ruiju " ( Collection of Historical documents compiled by the Imperial Family ) .
In addition , in the early Edo period ( Kanei era ) , the original text was used as the original text in the early Edo period ( in the Kanei era ) , and a commentary on " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) and " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) and " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) and " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) and " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) .
However , it was reevaluated by Shigaro TANAKA ( 1917 - 1987 ) , and after the Second World War , it was read as a textbook book , and after the Second World War , it was read as a textbook .
In addition , it is believed that the book was written in the late Kamakura period , " Makura no Soshi Ekotoba " ( The Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi [ The Pillow Book ] ) and " Makura no Soshi Ekotoba " ( The Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi [ The Pillow Book ] ) , which was written in the late Kamakura period .
The second volume of three volumes is one of the three volumes , which is more than 300 years .
The ' Mushi no Hana ' ( The Pillow ) , ' Mushi no Hana ' ( The Pillow of the Past ) , ' Utsuji kuru ' , ' Utsuji kuru ' and ' Utsukiri , ' and the author of the Imperial Court 's court society , and the author of the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court and the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court , who visited the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court and the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court , and the Empress Teishi who visited the Imperial Court 's court society .
However , the classification of the classification is not clear , and there is also a theory that ' the spring of the spring , ' the first section of ' spring , ' is a different theory . )
It is written in a simplified style of Japanese literature which used a hiragana ( Japanese syllabary characters ) , and many of them were written in the form of a short story , but there was a feeling of the fact that the head of the chancellor of the Chancellor of the Chancellor of the Chancellor of the Empress Teishi reflected the situation that he was very good at that time , and in the case of the death of his lord Teishi , the wife of his lord Teishi .
The author of the author was sophisticated , and in " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , he made a strong sense of beauty , " The Tale of Genji " ( The Tale of Genji ) , and the world of " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) .
Program
In the Makura no Soshi ( Pillow Book ) , there is a lot of beauty and nature , because it is deeply loved by human beings , and it is a kind of fashion , which is based on a variety of texts .
According to the Itsuki , which was made by the next generation , it was not known by the different parts of the contents of the contents , such as " Tenma Tenku " ( the Tenma cavalry ) , and " Tomi " ( the Japanese cavalry ) , which was not known by the nature of the heaven and earth , as well as an unearthed material ( Oyatani Pond ) .
The word ' Suibushi - Toki ' ( The Spring of the Spring ) , which is seen in the Kokin Wakashu ( A Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ) , is a challenge in the middle section , which is a kind of sense of sense of sense of beauty , which is seen in the Kokin Wakashu ( Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ) , and it is a kind of sense of sense of sense of beauty , which is seen in the Kokin Wakashu ( A Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ) .
It is a love for the Empress Teishi .
It was written in order to keep the souls of the dead , which was written by the Michitaka family , and it was written in order to remove the soul of Sadako .
Therefore , it is not clear that Michitaka 's family declined .
In addition to the above , there is a description in which the chugu ( the second consort of an emperor ) is a chugu ( chrysanthemum ) and the Chugu ( the second consort of an emperor ) of the Emperor , and in the period of the Emperor 's reign , he insisted that he would live in the world of the emperor , and he insisted that he would live in the world of the emperor .
criticism of criticism
It is a dark saus-sama sabusama , which means that the rank of Shonagon ( Shonagon ) was the same as that of the upper class .
( It is not possible to say that the social status of the family was not allowed to have a high rank . )
It was not written in the " Teishi no Miya no Eki no ki " ( The Record of the Imperial Palace ) , but it was not written by the qualification of ' . '
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA was the fifteenth Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ( in December 5 , 1866 ) .
He was the only shogun who did not hold the post of the shogun as a shogun .
He was appointed as Naidaijin ( Minister of the Interior ) , Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) and the First Order of Merit .
He was the House of Peers ( Japan ) .
After the death of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , the 14th shogun of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , he was appointed as the 15th shogun of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
After the Emperor Meiji , he returned to the government , but in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi after the Restoration of Imperial Rule ( Japan ) , he returned to Edo-jo Castle from the Imperial Court to the Edo Castle in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi after the Imperial Rule ( Japan ) , and in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , he was confined by the Imperial Court .
In the Meiji period , he was dismissed from his house , and he lived until the Taisho period , and lived until the Taisho period .
It is also read as ' Yoshinobu ' or ' Ikki . '
There is a record that says that the official documents of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) were called " Yoshihiko " in the official documents of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
There is also a description of ' a ' in the Japanese newspapers and English newspaper .
In Mito City , where it is a place , it is often called ' Yoshino , ' but in Shizuoka City , it is often called ' Ikki ' in Shizuoka City .
According to the people who know Yoshinobu before his life , Yoshinobu 's younger brother Akitake TOKUGAWA was called ' Ikki , ' and his younger brother , Akitake TOKUGAWA , was called ' Ikki . '
It is said that Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA , who succeeded Yoshinobu after Yoshinobu , was called ' Keiryu . '
The two types of ' Ikeki-sama ' and ' Iki-san ' are found in many places , but they are often used in various places , but they are often used in various places , but they are often used in some cases .
Ryotaro SHIBA is said to have been a member of the former retainers of the former retainers of the former Shogunate , but it is also possible that he was very popular among the people of Higo Domain who had been overthrown by overthrowing the Shogunate .
On September 29 , 1837 , he was born as the seventh son of Nariaki TOKUGAWA , the seventh son of the ninth lord of the Mito Domain in Edo .
His mother was Princess Yoshiko , his lawful wife ( a lawful wife of Iemitsu TOKUGAWA , who was a lawful wife of Iemitsu TOKUGAWA ) .
However , the real mother of Iemitsu is said to have been the lawful wife of Hidetada , the lawful wife of Hidetada , but there is a theory that the Kasuga no Tsubone was a real mother .
His childhood name was Shichiro .
In the education policy of Nariaki , who was said to have been allowed to foster a child , he moved to the Mito Domain in seven months after his death , and he was also taught from the school of learning and martial arts from the Tokugawa family to succeed to the Hitotsubashi Tokugawa family .
It seems that Nariaki was the first son of Yoshinobu , because he had been attracted attention from the time of the time , and the first son , Yoshiatsu TOKUGAWA , was not allowed to succeed to the family .
On August 1 , 1847 , the Emperor ordered him to be the heir of the Mito Domain to the Mito Domain , and was ordered to be the successor of the Hitotsubashi family of the Mito Domain .
After that , he inherited the Hitotsubashi family on September 1 , and took the name of Yoshinobu from the 12th Shogun Ieyoshi TOKUGAWA in December , and called himself the 12th Shogun Ieyoshi TOKUGAWA .
Ieyoshi visited the residence of Yoshinobu as a candidate candidate for the Shogun 's heir , but he gave him a remonstration by Masahiro ABE , roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) .
In 1853 , after the confusion of the ship of Kurobune , Ieyoshi TOKUGAWA , the 13th shogun , died of illness , and the 13th shogun Iesada TOKUGAWA , who succeeded to the position of the shogun , was too weak , and the problem of the 13th shogun , Iesada TOKUGAWA , who had succeeded to the throne .
There was a conflict between Nariaki and Masahiro ABE , who recommended Yoshinobu , and the lord of the Hikone Domain , Naosuke II , the lord of the Hikone Domain , who was the lord of the Kishu Domain , Yoshifuku TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Kishu Domain , and the real mother of the lord of the domain , Keifuku TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain .
The Hitotsubashi group was sent to O-oku as the adopted daughter of Nariakira SHIMAZU and the Taishogun ( great chief minister ) , and in 1858 , Masahiro ABE , Nariakira SHIMAZU , and Nariakira SHIMAZU , who had become Tairo ( chief minister ) , and Naosuke II , who became Dairo ( chief minister of the shogun ) in 1858 , and Naosuke II , who became Tairo ( chief minister ) in 1858 .
In the same year , Naosuke II was given the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and Japan .
Yoshinobu asked Nariaki , the lord of Fukui Domain , and Yoshiakira MATSUDAIRA , who was the lord of the Fukui Domain , but on the other hand , he was sentenced to retire in the following year , and in 1859 , he was suspended by his retirement in 1859 ( Ansei no Taigoku [ Ansei no Taigoku ] ) .
On the other hand , when Yoshinobu was not able to become the heir of shogun , he sent his letter to Nariaki , saying , ' I will not be able to take over the country , but I will not take over the country . '
In 1860 , he was confined .
In 1862 , when the Satsuma army of Satsuma Domain led by Hisamitsu SHIMAZU entered Edo , Emperor Komei was ordered by Emperor Komei , who was the Shogun 's guardian , and the Emperor Komei , who was appointed to the shogun , should be appointed to the post of Dairo ( chief minister of the shogun ) and Shungaku MATSUDAIRA ( Yoshinaga ) .
On July 6 , the bakufu appointed Yoshinobu as the guardian of the shogun and the president of Shungaku .
On the occasion of the Bunkyu Reforms , Shungaku carried out the reform of the shogunate government , which was also called the Bunkyu Reforms , and in the case of Sankinkotai ( a system of centralized government based on the ritsuryo code ) , he was established .
In 1863 , he went to Kyoto as a member of the shogun , Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and worked hard to negotiate with the Imperial Court .
When Emperor Komei visited Iwashimizu Hachiman-gu Shrine , Iemochi was given an audience with Iemochi , who was given an audience with the Emperor , and he was forced to take an audience with Iemochi , and he was forced to take an audience with Iemochi .
In the Coup of August 18 , the Sonno Joi ha ( supporters of the expulsion of foreigners ) and the Sonno Joi ha ( supporters of the expulsion of foreigners ) were expelled by the Choshu Domain , and in the conference , he went to Kyoto to participate in the conference meeting .
However , if the conference did not have any conference , he became drunk at the sake brewery with Imperial Prince Kuninomiya Asahiko , who had been drunk at the meeting with Imperial Prince Kuninomiya Asahiko , and he made a violent saying , ' I 'm to get off from Shimazu , ' and so on .
After that , the Imperial Court stayed in Kyoto and was appointed to the post of Shugo ( provincial constable ) , Katamori MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of the Aizu Domain ) , and Sadaki MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of the Aizu Domain ) , and the court nobles and court nobles ( the lord of the Kuwana Domain ) , who was a loyal retainer of the Imperial Court and the lord of the domain .
In the Rebellion of Tenguto , the retainers of the Mito Domain , such as Yusai TAKEDA , who supported Yoshinobu supported Yoshinobu , and the retainers of the Mito Domain , who supported Yoshinobu .
In 1864 , he commanded the army of the bakufu in the Kinmon Incident and attacked the Choshu army which occupied the Takatsukasa residence .
After the conquest of Choshu , the Imperial sanction of the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and the United States .
In the second conquest of Choshu in 1866 , Yoshinobu received an imperial order to conquer Choshu Domain .
However , the Satsuma clan , who formed the Choshu Alliance , was defeated and the army of the bakufu was defeated .
On July 20 , the second conquest of Choshu , Iemochi died in Osaka-jo Castle .
Yoshinobu issued an imperial rescript to the Imperial Court , and succeeded to the conclusion of the war .
He was recommended by Iemochi , but Yoshinobu refused this .
On August 20 , the Tokugawa Shogun family inherited the position of shogun , but he refused to be appointed as shogun .
After that , Roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) asked the shogun , and on December 5 , he was given the title of shogun to Shogun , and on December 5 , he assumed the position of shogun .
In this way , the shogun was able to become a shogun , and tried to take advantage of politics .
Yoshinobu , who was a minister of France , had a support from France to 240 million yen from France , and established a military system to establish a military reform , and started to establish a military system to establish a military reform , and started to establish a military reform .
In addition , he encouraged his younger brother Akitake TOKUGAWA , who was a retainer of the shogun , who was dispatched to Europe , and he encouraged him to study in Europe .
In the issue of Hyogo Port , he received an imperial sanction by the Imperial Court .
On October 14 , 1867 , Yoshinobu , who was ' an imperial order to overthrow the shogunate , ' was given to the Imperial Court , and on October 14 , 1867 , he was allowed to return to the Imperial Court ( Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) ) .
It is said that the Imperial Court should not have any political power in the Imperial Court , and it is said that the Tokugawa regime tried to establish the Tokugawa regime .
However , Toshimichi OKUBO , Tomomi IWAKURA and Tomomi IWAKURA , who aimed to overthrow the Shogunate , were issued in December , and Yoshinobu was ordered to be the Minister of the Imperial Palace , and Yoshinobu was ordered to be appointed as Naidaijin ( Minister of the Interior ) .
Yoshinobu retired from Osaka-jo Castle to avoid conflict , and he was sent by foreign ministers and sent them to the Imperial Court , and he tried to make a decisive form to the Imperial Court , and then he was able to take over the position of the Imperial Court .
However , in 1868 , the Satsuma Domain raised an army and raised an army in Edo City , and the Aizu Domain and Kuwana Domain in Kyoto .
However , in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi which broke out on January 3 , the army of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was not involved in the battle of the former Shogunate army , and the military exploits to Edo in " Kaiyo Kaimaru " ( The Revenge of the Kaiyo ) , which had been suffering from military power and retreated to Edo .
Until the time , the government army led by Yoshinobu and the Imperial army led by Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito , who was the supreme commander , started the expedition to the east .
Yoshinobu insisted that he was to suppress the resistance of the resistance against Tadayuki OGURI .
In February , he was appointed by Kaishu KATSU and confined himself in the Kanei-ji Temple in Kozuke Province .
Also , the head of the Tokugawa family handed over the family estate of the head of the Tokugawa family ( later Iemochi TOKUGAWA ) .
When the negotiations with the Imperial army and the Imperial army , the negotiations with the Imperial army and Takamori SAIGO were forced to move to Mito , and they were forced to move to Mito , and they were confined in the room of the domain school .
In July , the Tokugawa family moved to Sunpu , which was transferred to the Tokugawa family .
Enshin HARA ( a retainer of the Mito Domain , a feudal retainer of the Mito Domain )
Shiro HIRAOKA ( a vassal of the Tokugawa family )
Saishu ( Shogun , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA )
Toki TOKI
Chojuro NAKANE ( a vassal of the Tokugawa family )
Magotaro UMEZAWA
Ejuro KAWAKAMI
Chikamochi MATSUDAIRA
In September 1869 , he was dismissed from confinement in the Boshin War .
After that , he did not participate in politics , and he was able to live in his life , such as photographs , hunting , and so on .
In 1897 , he moved to Sugamo , Tokyo .
In the following year , he visited the Imperial Palace and had an audience with Emperor Meiji .
In 1902 , he was conferred a title of a peerage , and the head of the family was the head of the family .
In 1910 , he transferred the family estate to Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA and retired .
In 1913 , he died .
He died at the age of 77 at the age of 77 .
* It is written on the day of the Tenpo calendar until 1872 .
1847
On September 1 , he inherited the Hitotsubashi family .
December 1 : He changed his name to Yoshinobu .
On the same day , he was appointed to Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) Sakone gon no chujo ( Provisional Middle Captain of the Left Division of Inner Palace Guards ) and Gyobukyo ( Minister of Justice ) .
On December 3 , 1855 , she married Kako , an adopted daughter of Tadataka ICHIJO .
He was appointed to Sangi ( councilor ) .
In 1857 , he became a candidate for the succession of Iesada TOKUGAWA .
In August 1859 , he was punished by confinement in the Ansei no Taigoku ( suppression of Ansei no Taigoku ) .
In September 1860 , he was confined under house arrest .
1862
On July 6 , he succeeded the Hitotsubashi family .
On the same day , he assumed the position of Shogun and assumed the position of shogun .
November : He was transferred to Gon Chunagon ( a provisional vice-councilor of state ) .
In December 1863 , he was appointed to the Imperial Court .
1864
On March 9 , he resigned from the Asakura .
On March 25 , he resigned from the post of shogun .
On the same day , he was appointed to the post of the governor of the Imperial Palace for the Imperial Palace , and was appointed to the post of Kaisei-seishi ( Commander-in-Chief of the Imperial Palace ) .
In the Kinmon Incident , he took part in the battle .
1866
On July 30 , he resigned from the post of the governor of the Imperial Palace .
August 20 : He succeeded to the head of the Tokugawa family .
December 5 : He was appointed to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) and Ukone no daisho ( Major Captain of the Right Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
On the same day , he was appointed as Seii Taishogun .
1867
September : He was transferred to Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) .
Retained his position as Ukone no daisho .
On October 14 , Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) .
On December 9 , he resigned from the post of Seii Taishogun .
April 11 , 1868 : He was dismissed .
September 28 , 1869 : He was dismissed .
On January 6 , 1872 , he returned to Jushii ( Junior Fourth Rank , Lower Grade ) .
May 18 , 1880 : He was promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) .
June 20 , 1888 : He was promoted to Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) .
On November 19 , 1897 , he moved to Tokyo .
On March 2 , 1898 , he had an audience with Emperor Meiji ( after Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) ) .
On June 3 , 1902 , he was conferred a peerage .
The head family of the Tokugawa family was allowed to establish the establishment of ' Tokugawa Yoshinobu ( a peerage ) . '
Kizokuin ( December 1910 )
1908
On April 30 , he received the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun with the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun .
On December 8 , he retired .
He died on November 22 , 1913 .
On the same day , he was awarded the Grand Cordon of the Rising Sun .
He was in charge of military arts and learning , and he was a master of swordsmanship , and he was a master of swordsmanship , and he was a master of swordsmanship .
After Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , he was counted as one of the most famous persons in swordsmanship , and he was counted as one of the most famous persons in swordsmanship .
It is said that his father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , became a priest when his father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , became a member of the Tokugawa family when he was the successor of the Tokugawa family , and he made a tonsure to take a tonsure ( a sword with a sword , but it is said that he was a threat ) .
On the other hand , there is an anecdote that the assassination of the assassination was made by the three people , such as the assassination of the assassination of the assassination of the assassination of the assassination .
Although it is said that the photograph of Yoshinobu was his childhood , but it is doubtful whether he was a child of Yoshinobu , but it is doubtful whether he was a child of Yoshinobu .
It is said that when Iemochi visited his illness , he visited him at that time .
He was known for his real father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , and his real father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , praised Yoshinobu as ' the head of the Tokugawa family , ' and he was praised as the shogun to become shogun , and he was praised as the shogun to take the position of shogun to the shogun , saying ' Ieyasu TOKUGAWA 's rebirth . '
Yoshinobu , who was also known for the overthrowing of the Shogunate , was also known for the overthrowing of the Shogunate , and Takayoshi KIDO of the Choshu Domain was not known .
He was in charge of the reclamation of Ieyasu .
Ryoma SAKAMOTO and Ryoma SAKAMOTO visited the decision of Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) .
They are not able to pay it , but they are not able to pay it .
He received the evaluation of his life , saying , ' I will give him to the position of Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) of the new government , ' and he tried to give him the position of Chancellor of the new government .
However , it was from the Meiji period when Yoshinobu was called Ryoma ( after the death of Ryoma ) .
Although it was not only limited to Yoshinobu , the name of Ryoma was very very low than that after the Meiji Restoration .
In the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , he was defeated in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , and was criticized by the enemy 's side , and was criticized by his enemy .
At this time , there were some people who were forbidden by Ieyasu , but there were some people who could not forget that they could not forget their favorite mistresses .
However , there is a theory that it was necessary to prevent the military force in Edo and Musashi Province , and when Yoshinobu became the enemy of the Imperial Court , he was able to defend the Osaka-jo Castle because Yoshinobu was the enemy of the Imperial Court , and therefore , it was necessary to prevent foreign countries to prevent foreign countries .
Since the new government was considered to be the enemy of the new government , it is evaluated that the Emperor and the Imperial Court were highly regarded as a person who had been confined in Kanei-ji Temple and confined himself in Kanei-ji Temple , and therefore , he was also said to have been a person who was a person of the Emperor and the Imperial Court ; however , he was also said to have been an enemy of his lord , and therefore , he was also called ' the waist . '
It is highly evaluated that the independence of the government was to be transferred to the Meiji Restoration due to the fact that he was forced to move to the government due to his discretion , and he was able to transfer the government to the Meiji Restoration .
Eichi SHIBUSAWA , a businessman , was a vassal of the Tokugawa family , who was a vassal of the Tokugawa family , and after the Meiji Restoration .
In his later years , Shibuzawa tried to prove Yoshinobu 's biography in his later years , and established a ' Yakuyukai ' ( a dream of a dream ) , who had been persuaded to persuade Yoshinobu .
It is written in " The Tale of Ancient Matters . "
It is recorded in the style of a part of a part of the story , and it can be seen in the old age of Yoshinobu 's old age .
It is said that the reason why he was a good luck in the Imperial Palace was very good at that time , and ' Hisamitsu SHIMAZU , who was not a good person , was very good , ' and ' Naomasa NABESHIMA was a person who was not good at that time . '
These materials were completed after the death of Yoshinobu , and " Tokugawa Yoshinobu koden " ( Biography of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ) .
In order to show respect to the Emperor Meiji , who was considered to be the enemy of the Imperial Court , Yoshinobu asked Emperor Meiji , who was the highest rank in the kazoku ( the highest rank in the Heian period ) , and Yoshinobu ordered him to make a funeral ceremony .
For this reason , the grave of Yoshinobu was not a graveyard of the Tokugawa family of the Tokugawa family , which was also a graveyard of the Tokugawa family of the Tokugawa family , and a large keyhole-shaped tomb mound was built at the site of the Tokugawa family of the Tokugawa family .
This was because the Imperial mausoleum of Emperor Komei was a complaint , and it was because the Imperial mausoleum of the Emperor Komei was a complaint .
After he was pardoned , he spent his life as a retainer of the former retainers of the former shogun , Shizuka ITAKURA , saying that he would have been good for his life , saying , ' I want to take action with Yoshinobu . '
Although there was a strong image of ' the enemy ' in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , there was an image of a new political system after the Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , and in addition to the broadcasting of the new political system after the Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , there was a movement to reevaluate Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( NHK Taiga Drama ) .
His father , Nariaki , was a specialty of the Satsuma Domain , and the pork was called ' bubu sama ' ( a kind of pork ) .
In addition , in his later years , he was interested in Western culture , and in his later years , he was interested in a photograph of a photographs , such as a photographs , a camphor , a camphor , a camphor , and a gentle , and he also learned French , and he was also said to have learned French .
It is famous as a Mramman , but it seems that the technique of studio was not promoted .
It is said that he was often introduced into photograph magazines , but it is said that he was not adopted .
In addition , the photographs of the great-grandchild , Yoshiyuki TOKUGAWA , was a Mramman Mramman , and the photographs was found by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , and the photographs were found in the possession of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
His real younger brother , Akitake TOKUGAWA , was his younger brother .
On December 3 , 1859 , she married Kako ICHIJO ( later changed his name to Kako ) .
His eldest daughter ( a daughter of Emperor Gokominin ) was born on July 16 , 1858 , but died young on July 20 .
After that , the child was born between Mimasaka and the eleventh daughter , who was born in the Meiji period , was a daughter of two concubines .
There was a daughter of the seventh son , Yoshihisa , who succeeded to the position of Kon , and his son , Yoshihisa , who was a son-in-law of Kaishu KATSU , who was a son-in-law of Kaishu KATSU and the wife of Kaishu KATSU .
In addition , Yoshihisa 's son , Yoshihisa , was the wife of Imperial Prince Nobuhito , the wife of the Imperial Prince Nobuhito , and the wife of Takamatsu no Miya Imperial Prince Nobuhito .
His lawful wife ( changed his name to Kako after the Meiji Restoration ) ( he changed his name to Kako ) ( the daughter of Kinhisa IMADEGAWA and the adopted daughter of Tadataka ICHIJO , the adopted daughter of Tadaka ICHIJO , the adopted daughter of Tadaka ICHIJO ) .
His concubine : Shinobu NISHIMURA ( a daughter of Masataka MATSUDAIRA , a daughter of Masataka MATSUDAIRA , died on February 8 , 1905 ) .
The first son : Keiji ( June 29 , 1871 - May 22 , 1872 )
The eldest daughter : Kagako ( on March 23 , 1887 - September 29 , 26 )
3 : Tekko ( December 30 , 1890 - December 10 , 1910 )
fifth son : Chikahiro IKEDA ( adopted by Teruko IKEDA , August 25 , 1877 - January 1 , 1948 )
sixth son : Narinari ( August 17 , 1878 - November 28 , 1878 )
The sixth daughter : Yoshiko ( August 24 , 1880 - September 29 , 1880 )
9 : Tsuneko ( January 9 , 1897 - August 18 , 1939 )
The seventh son : Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA ( September 2 , 1884 - January 22 , 1911 )
11 : Hideko ( April 29 , 1911 - July 5 , 1913 )
The tenth son : Masakiyo ( January 20 , 1899 - July 10 , 1918 ) was a son-in-law of the Kaishu KATSU ( a son of Kaishu KATSU ) .
His concubine : Kinyuki NAKANE ( the eldest daughter of Yoshizaburo NAKANE , died on December 29 , 1915 )
Second son : Zenji ( September 8 , 1871 - March 10 , 1872 )
Third son : Takuma ( October 5 , 1872 - July 5 , 1873 )
fourth son : Shigehiro TOKUGAWA ( February 21 , 1874 - June 12 , 1930 )
second daughter : Kinshi ( April 3 , 1875 - July 22 , 1875 )
fourth daughter : Shoshi ( December 26 , 1895 to November 30 , 1907 ) , the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA , the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA , and July 17 , 1876 - November 30 , 1907 .
The fifth daughter : Shoko ( August 17 , 1878 - October 8 , 1878 )
The seventh daughter : Shishi ( married on December 7 , 1895 ) , the wife of Narifuji MATSUDAIRA , the wife of Narutoshi MATSUDAIRA , and September 17 , 1880 to January 13 , 1959 .
The eighth daughter : Kuniko ( May 7 , 1901 to September 11 , 1942 )
The tenth daughter : Itoko ( on May 19 , 1906 , she was married to Takatsu SHIJO , the wife of Takachika SHIJO , and September 18 , 19th to October 11 , 28 )
The death of a boy ( died on August 22 , 1884 )
eighth son : Nei ( September 22 , 1885 - July 2 , 1886 )
The ninth son : Tokugawa ( October 31 , 1887 - November 11 , 43 )
The death of a woman ( died on June 2 , 1891 )
His concubine : Yoshio ( a daughter of Tatsugoro NIKATA )
novels
" The last Shogun - Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA " ( Ryotaro SHIBA )
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA "
Film
" Mibu Yoshishi den " ( 2003 ) : Established by Hiroaki ITO .
Paintings
" Ryoma " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1968 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" O-oku ( Television Television ) , 1968 , " ( 1968 ) , " Television Television " ( 1968 )
" Kaishu Kaishu ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 1974 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Hanagami ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 1977 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Ryoma " ( 1982 ) ( 1982 , TV Tokyo Shintoichi Geki , Ltd . )
" O-oku ( Television Television ) , 1983 , " ( 1983 ) , " Television Television " ( 1983 )
" Shirate-tai " ( NHK Television Television Television Television ) ( 1986 )
" Hana no Ii Ii Tairo " ( The Ii no Oro and Sakuradamon ) ( 1988 ) , " Sakura mon Gate , " ( 1988 ) , a TV drama ( a drama performed by Ikuo FURUTA )
" Goryokaku ( TV drama ) " ( 1988 ) ( 1988 )
" Shojo " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1990 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Kaishu Kaishu ( Television drama ) " ( 1990 , a TV program of TV drama ) : Masahiko KAGAWA
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA " ( 1998 , NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1998 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" O-oku ( Television Television ) , 2003 , " ( 2003 ) , and " Yamazaki Ginnojo " ( 2003 , Television Television , etc . )
" Also , it is also written by the name of the name of Shoden-dono , " and " Okuri no Nosuke , " ( 2003 , NHK New Year 's drama ) ( 2003 ) : " Tetsuji OGURI " ( 2003 )
" Shinsengumi ! ! " ( 2004 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Atsuhime ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 2008 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Yume Yai Shoki " ( The Record of Yume Yume )
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu Ken " ( Eisichi SHIBUSAWA )
" Meiji - Tokugawa Yoshinobu " ( Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ) , the Asahi Shimbun Co . , Ltd . , ISBN 40225555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555
Notes
The Nara Line is a railway line of West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) which runs from Kizu Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) from Kizugawa City , Kyoto Prefecture ( Kyoto Prefecture ) to Kyoto Station in Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The entire line is included in the suburban area of the city .
As a branch line of the Kansai Main Line , the line of the line is Kizu Station , but the trains bound for Kizu Station to Kizu Station ( the number of train numbers ) , which are operated by the trains ( the number of train numbers ) are used .
The following lines are available from Kyoto from Kyoto to Kizu .
It is said that the color of the color is the color of the tea ceremony , which is said to be ' the image of the old capital of the old capital . '
Jurisdiction : West Japan Railway Company ( railway business )
The distance distance ( kilometers ) : 434 km
Track line : 1067mm
Number of stations : 19 ( including the end of the station )
The track section : The section between Nitta and Uji , and JR Fujimori - Kyoto
Electrified section : The entire line ( 1500V )
Block ( railway ) : Automatic block system ( a track section ) , a single track system ( a single track )
Passenger equipment : automatic train train
The Committee : Shin-Osaka General Committee
The highest speed speed : 110km / h ( track section ) : 95 km / h ( track section )
The Kyoto Branch of the West Japan Railway Company ( Kizu Station ) is under the control of the West Japan Railway Company ( Kizu Station , which is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ) .
The line between Kyoto Station and Kizu Station is called the Nara Line , but the entire section is located in Kyoto Prefecture , and there is no route in Nara Prefecture .
This is due to the fact that the Nara Railway was constructed by the Nara Railway , and after the Kansai Railway Company was merged into the Kansai Railway , the section between Osaka and Nagoya was separated from Osaka to Nagoya .
However , trains run from Kizu Station to the Kansai Main Line ( Yamatoji Line ) and Nara Station , Nara Prefecture .
JR West ( JR Kyoto Line and JR Kobe Line ) was established on March 13 , 1988 , but in the Nara Line , the Nara Line was sent to the Nara Line .
Because the Kintetsu Nara Line is operated by Kintetsu Nara Line , it is sometimes called ' JR Nara Line . '
In the Japan National Railways ( Japan National Railways ) , it was designated as the ' Nara Line , ' and the English name of the announcement was added .
The Kintetsu Nara Line is a relationship between Naniwa and Nara , and the JR Nara Line is the line of the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
The Keihan Uji Line and Kintetsu Kyoto Line had been operated by many trains , but the Nara Line was not electrified by the JNR / JR Limited Express Series 105 , but the electrification of JNR / JR Limited Express Series 105 was not only used for a while in the JNR / JR Railways Series 105 .
However , when JR West was inaugurated , the number of trains began to increase the trains of trains , including four cars of the train , and the trains of the trains were made in the middle of the train trains , and the rapid trains such as ' Miyakoji Rapid Service , ' and ' Miyako Rapid Service ' and so on , were improved and improved .
At present , there is a strong personality of tourists such as Byodo-in Temple in Uji City , such as the Byodo-in Temple in Uji City , as well as the route from the area to the southern part of Kyoto Prefecture .
However , in the section between Momoyama Station and Nitta Station , the section between Momoyama and Nitta has a difference between the Kyoto Line and the Kyoto Line of the Kyoto Line , which runs from the center of the center of the town .
The JR Nara Line is used for the Nara Train Line of Osaka Branch , but the station facilities are managed by the Kyoto branch of the Kyoto branch of the station .
J-Through ICOCA , ICOCA , and East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) can be used in all stations and can be used by TOICA , the JR East Railway Company ( JR East ) , and the PiTaPa card can be used .
In the south of Joyo Station , there is a simple ticket gate and a simple ticket gate .
From 1984 to Wakayama Station between Kyoto and Wakayama Station , the express train ' Kuroshiro ( train ) ' operated by the Nara Line , the Sakurai Line , and Wakayama Line were operated only in 1991 ; however , the limited express trains were operated by local trains ( the limited express trains were operated by the limited express trains ) , and the limited express trains were operated by local trains , such as rapid trains , rapid trains , rapid trains , and local trains .
It is operated in the daytime in the Nara Line , and it is operated in the daytime .
Basically , the trains are operated at the station of 30 minutes , and the local trains are operated at Uji Station .
The nickname ' Miyako Rapid Service ' was decided by the public public .
As a result of the tourist tourist , many Japanese tourists use many tourist tourists such as Kyoto and Nara .
The cars are operated by JR West 221 series , and four cars are operated with four cars and six cars .
The highest speed of the track section is operated at 110km / h , and other than 95 km / h , it is a speed of 95 km / h .
The standard level of the standard is about 440 minutes , and the Kyoto Kyoto Station is about 47 minutes and Kyoto Kyoto Station is about 47 minutes .
In the way to Kyoto , there is a little difference between the trains bound for Kyoto Station and the Tanakura Station and the Tanakura Station , and in order to pass through the Nara route , there is a little difference between the trains bound for Nara .
On the third day of the New Year 's Day , a special stop at Inari Station is a temporary stop on Fushimi Inari .
History
March 3 , 2001 : The operation started .
March 15 , 2003 : The station began to stop at Tofuku-ji Station , Tamizu Station , and Tamizu Station .
It is operated during the morning and evening rush hours .
The station stops at the JR Ogura Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) , which is operated by the JR Ogura Station , which is operated by the JR Ogura Line .
The cars are operated on 221 cars , and four cars are operated with four cars and six cars .
Basically , the trains are operated at the station of 30 minutes , and the local trains are operated at Uji Station .
As for the above-mentioned rapid trains , the Yamatoji Rapid Service stop on the Yamatoji Line , which is the same as that of the Yamatoji Rapid train .
In March 2001 , ' Miyakoji Rapid Service ' was used in the section between Kyoto and Uji , and the section between Kizu and Joyo , and the train was used in the Nara Line , but it is not used in the Nara Line , but it is not used in the Nara Line .
In the morning and evening , there is a train running through the Yamatoji Line to the Yamatoji Line .
It is operated between the morning and night .
At first , only on weekdays was only on weekdays , but since March 18 , 2006 , the timetable was also operated on Saturdays and holidays .
In the section between Uji and Nara , there is a rapid train bound for Uji Station , but in the past , rapid trains bound for Uji Station and the trains bound for Kizu Station have been changed , but it is changed to the timetable that the rapid trains bound for Uji Station will be changed .
There are only 221 series cars that are operated on the Saturday and holidays , and all of them are operated by JNR / JR Limited Express Series 103 .
During the morning rush hour , trains run directly from the Yamatoji Line from the Yamatoji Line .
The rapid train of the Nara Line was used as a rapid train for the Yamatoji Rapid Service , and it used the same color as ' Miyako Rapid Service and Rapid Service , ' but due to the timetable revision in March 2008 , the timetable was used as the same color as the color of the train , but the timetable of the timetable was not used for the timetable revision in March 2008 .
It is described in the section between Kamikoma Station and north of the station .
It is operated between Kyoto and Uji , Joyo , and Nara .
During the daytime , the section between Kyoto Station and Joyo Station was operated between Kyoto and Joyo , but the Joyo and Kizu section became approximately 30 minutes .
The cars are basically operated in 103 cars , but some trains are operated by 221 cars .
There are some trains running on the Yamatoji Line to the early morning and midnight .
In the past , there was a direct train between Sakurai Line and the Sakurai Line on September 4 , 1994 , and the Nara Line and Sakurai Line were divided .
In the Nara Line , the limited express trains were operated on the Nara Line .
From 1987 to 1988 , it was operated by the Kansai Main Line , the Kansai Main Line and the Hanwa Line to the Kansai Main Line and the Hanwa Line , which was operated between Kyoto and Shirahama Station to the Kansai Main Line and the Hanwa Line .
In January 6 , 1998 , it was announced that the limited express train was operated by the Nara Line ( as a regular train ) in the Nara Line ( as a regular train ) , but the plan was suspended , but the plan was suspended .
Although the section between Kyoto Station and Sakurai Station ( between Kyoto and Nara between Kyoto and Nara ) was operated in the section between Kyoto and Sakurai ( between Kyoto and Nara ) , the direct trains of the Sakurai Line were not operated .
In the middle of August , the Uji-gawa River and the Uji-gawa River held at Uji Station was held , but the timetable was operated at 16 years before the timetable , and the train was operated only about 10 minutes , and all trains were operated between Kyoto and Uji and between Kyoto and Uji , and the train was operated only about 10 minutes .
There are some local trains that arrive at Kizu Station .
On the first day of the New Year of the New Year of the New Year of the New Year of the New Year of the New Year of the New Year of the New Year 's Day , the rapid trains stop at each station of Kyoto Station and Uji Station , and in addition to the number of rapid trains to Uji to Uji , the number of trains run to Uji .
In the year , there were some trains running at Momoyama Station .
In 1992 , a direct train to the Sakurai Line was extended to the Sakurai Line , which was operated by the Sakurai Line , and one hour was operated every hour to Tenri Station .
In addition , it is sometimes operated by the Japan across Japan .
In particular , in the Tenri Daisai Festival ( the Great Festival of Tenri ) on October 26 , Kyoto Station , the trains that run through Tenri Station from Kyoto Station to Kizu Station and the Sakurai Line from Kyoto Station to the Nara Line and the Sakurai Line to the Sakurai Line .
It is a member of the Nara Electric Railway .
JR West 221 series
There are two types of the Yamatoji Line and the Osaka Loop Line , and two cars , four cars , and six cars .
It is mainly operated by four cars of ' Miyako Rapid Service ' and ' Rapid Service , ' but the Nara Line is mainly used mainly in the Nara Line , but the Nara Line is mainly used in the Nara Line .
The train is scheduled to be used for two cars and two cars .
JNR / JR Series 103
Platform 103 , which is used for local trains on the Nara Line , is not only operated by the Nara Line , but it is also operated by the Osaka Loop Line and the Yamatoji Line in the Osaka Loop Line , and the local trains in the Osaka Loop Line and the Yamatoji Line are also operated .
Some cars were replaced by the Osaka Loop Line , which was transferred to the Osaka Loop Line .
The section between Kyoto Station and Kizu Station between Kyoto Station and Nara Station was opened , but the route between Kyoto and Momozama Station was the present Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
On the first day of 1921 , when the Tokaido Main Line ( present Zeze ) - Kyoto section was changed to the current line of the Higashiyama Tunnel via the Higashiyama Tunnel , the new line between Kyoto and Fushimi was abolished , and the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was abolished , and the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was abolished and the section between Kyoto and Fushimi was discontinued .
Later , the former site of the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was sold to the Kintetsu Kyoto Line , which was the predecessor of the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
August 18 , 1879 : The section between Kyoto and Inari Station ( later Tokaido Main Line ) was opened as the section between Kyoto Station and Otani Station ( Shiga Prefecture ) .
Inari Station opened .
September 5 , 1895 : The section between Kyoto Station and Fushimi Station ( between 3 and 23 ) was opened and the section between Kyoto and Fushimi was opened .
Fushimi Station opened .
Kyoto Station is operated by the government .
November 3 : The section between Fushimi and Momoyama Station ( 19C  2.19 km ) was extended .
Momoyama Station opened .
January 25 , 1896 : The section between Momoyama Station and Tamamizu Station ( 1246  2.24 km ) was extended .
Kibata Station , Uji Station , Nitta Station , Tamizu Station and Tamizu Station opened .
March 13 : The Tamizu Station - Kizu section ( 45C  7.44 km ) was extended .
Tanakura Station and Kizu Station opened .
April 18 : The section between Kizu and Nara was extended to the section between Kyoto and Nara .
April 21 : To-ji Station opened .
April 1 , 1897 : The station was renamed as Shichijo Station .
May 3 , 1902 : Kamikoma Station opened .
November 12 : The unit of distance distance was simplified and simplified ( 224C = > 27.6M ) .
February 7 , 1905 : Nara Railway was transferred to Kansai Railway .
October 1 , 1907 : Kansai Railway Company was nationalized .
August 1 , 1908 : Shichijo Station was integrated into Kyoto Station .
October 12 , 1909 : The line was established between Kizu and Kyoto and the Nara Line .
December 19 , 1910 : Uji-gawa signal station was established between Uji and Kibata .
June 20 , 1913 : Hachijo signal station was established between Fushimi and Kyoto .
November 5 : The Uji-gawa River was abolished .
August 15 , 1914 : Hachijo signal station was abolished .
March 20 , 1921 : The Uji-gawa River was established between Uji and Kibata .
August 1 : The section between Kyoto Station and Fushimi Station ( 3.3 M  5.31 km ) was abolished .
The passenger service between Fushimi and Momoyama ( 1.1 M  1.77 km ) was abolished .
The Kyoto Station and Inari section ( 1.8 M  2.90 km ) was incorporated into the Nara Line .
Inari - Momoyama section ( 2.6 M  4.18 km ) was opened .
April 1 , 1922 : The Uji-gawa River was changed to Uji-gawa River signal station .
February 13 , 1926 : Aoya-Baibayashi Station opened .
April 1 : The Uji-gawa River was abolished .
September 3 , 1928 : The line between Momoyama Station and Fushimi Station was discontinued .
Fushimi Station was abolished .
April 1 , 1930 : The unit of distance distance was changed ( 2.6M to 434 km ) .
December 1 , 1933 : The station was upgraded to Aoya-bayashi Station and was upgraded to Oyatani Station .
July 15 , 1955 : The Yamaga Station commenced operation .
December 27 , 1957 : Tofuku-ji Station commenced operation .
July 11 , 1958 : Joyo Station opened .
April 21 , 1961 : Obaku Station opened .
March 2 , 1982 : The operation of the train service was started .
October 1 , 1984 : The section between Kyoto and Kizu ( between Kyoto and Nara ) was electrified .
The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 105 was operated by the JNR / JR Limited Express Series 113 .
The Express ' Kinokawa ' was abolished ( via Kyoto and Wakayama , Nara Line , Sakurai Line , Sakurai Line , and Wakayama Line ) .
April 1 , 1987 : Due to the division and privatization of JNR , the West Japan Railway Company succeeded to the West Japan Railway Company .
The Japan Freight Railway Company became a railway company .
March 16 , 1991 : Rapid trains operated by the 117 series started .
October 22 , 1992 : Rokujizo Station opened .
The Joyo Station became a rapid train station .
September 4 , 1994 : The 105 series cars were withdrew .
( It is operated by the Sakurai Line and the Wakayama Line . )
March 8 , 1997 : JR Fujimori Station opened .
May 10 , 1999 : Rokujizo Station became a stop station .
March 3 , 2001 : The section between Kyoto Station and JR Fujima Station became a double-track section .
JR Ogura Station commenced operation .
The operation of ' Miyako Rapid Service ' was operated by the rapid train and 221 series cars .
October 1 : The Tofuku-ji Temple Station became a rapid train and rapid trains .
March 15 , 2003 : Tofukuji Station and Tamizu Station became a stop at Miyako Station , and Tamizu Station became a stop station .
April 1 : The second railway line of Japan Freight Railway was abolished .
April 23 , 2008 : The train was introduced in the Yamashiro Aoyani Station and Kizu section .
April 27 : The ATS system was introduced in ATS and Yamashiro-Yotani Station .
April 30 : The ATS system was introduced between Kyoto and Obaku .
The section between JR Fuji Station and Uji Station , which is operated by the JR Fujita Station and the Kizu Station , is still a high level , but there are no concrete evidence .
Also , the Keihan Uji Line ( near Obaku Station ) and Uji Station on the Keihan Uji Line ( near Obaku Station ) and the Keihan Uji Line ( near Obaku Station ) .
Because of the shortage of the budget , it is the lowest of the Sagano Line ( the Sanin Main Line - Sonobe Station ) , which is the highest level of the line , and the line of the Sagano Line ( the Sanin Main Line - Sonobe Station ) .
In the Kinki Region Committee , a plan to run directly from the Tokaido Main Line ( JR Kyoto Line ) and the direct operation of the Tokaido Main Line ( also known as the day of the New Year 's Eve ) was investigated .
Uji City is planned to build a new station between Obaku Station and Uji Station .
Nakatsukasa Station is located in the section between Rokujizo Station and Uji Station ( JR West ) .
It is a business of the station of Kyoto Station , which is operated by Kyoto Station .
Kyoto Station ( 0.00 km ) - Hachijo Temporary Station ( 0.80 km ) - - Fushimi Station ( 5.3km ) - Fushimi Station ( 5.3km ) - - Momoyama Station ( 7.3km )
It is a business of the station of Kyoto Station , which is operated by Kyoto Station .
Uji-gawa River Signal Station - Obaku - Uji section ( approximately 13.8 km )
Keiji Bypass is a highway road that runs from Kusatsu City , Shiga Prefecture to Kumiyama-cho , Kuse-gun , Shiga Prefecture to Kumiyama-cho , Kuse-gun , Shiga Prefecture .
It is designated as a plan for the local governments .
At first , the Keiji Bypass , the Keiji Bypass , is described as follows : the Keiji Bypass of National Route 1 , National Route 24 , and National Route 24 .
It has been integrated into the Meishin Expressway and the city of the city of Otsu City and the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of Otsu City and the Osaka City area to the Osaka City and the Osaka City area .
According to the law , the section between Seta Higashi Interchange and Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange is National Route No. 1 , National Route 478 , and Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange , Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange and Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki JCT / Kumiyama Interchange ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki JCT / Kumiyama Interchange ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki Junction ( National Highway Route ) .
As a result of the plan , the route between Kyoto and Kyoto City , which had the functions of the Kyoto City Road and Kyoto City , was built , and the Kyoto National Highway Road , which was the Kyoto National Highway Road , was built , and the Kyoto National Highway Road , which was the Kyoto National Route 9 , was built .
The Kyoto Jukan Expressway and the Kyoto Second Loop Expressway are designated as National Highway 478 , and it has been continued .
According to the card , the number of passengers can be used for passengers , and the Keiji Bypass is considered to be the Keiji Bypass , the Keiji Bypass and Oyamazaki JCT .
In addition , there is no difference between the Meishin Expressway and Keiji Bypass , and there is no difference between the fare and ETC system .
In this case , the name of the Keiji Bypass ( Seta Interchange of the Seta Interchange ) is described as the name of the business business , and it is described as the name of Keiji Bypass .
Otome-machi , Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
Oyamazaki-cho , Otoki-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
The total length is 18.9 km
Trains of four cars
The highest speed : 80 kilometers
It was completed on August 15 , 2050 .
Shiga Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Uji City - Kumiyama Town , Kuze County - Yawata City - Otokuni-gun - Otokuni-gun - Otokuni-gun
National Route 1 , Keiji Bypass Interchange - Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange
National Route 478 : Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange - Oyamazaki Junction - Oyamazaki Junction
Chuo Expressway : The name of the National Highway Expressway , the section of the section of Miyakoyama Junction - Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange
The number of the number of the numbers of the number of the number of the number is the section of the road , and the road is used for transportation .
In addition , the facilities of the facilities are not used for facilities .
The name of the line is not included in municipalities .
West Japan Expressway Company , Kansai Expressway , Ibaraki Station , Ibaraki Station
( The section between Ibaraki Station and the Kyoto Higashi Interchange of the Meishin Expressway ) is located in the section between the Meishin Expressway and the Suita JCT , the second Keihan Road , and the Keinawa Expressway .
August 29 , 1988 : The Seta Interchange , JCT - Ogura Interchange opened .
March 30 , 2003 : Ogura-do Interchange - Kumiyama Junction opened .
As a result , it is unified as a special highway for other Japanese roads ( current Cinema ) .
August 10 , 2003 : The section between Kumiyama Junction - Oyamazaki JCT was opened .
December 24 , 2003 : Oyamazaki Interchange opened .
Fiscal year fiscal year 2005 : The weekdays of the weekdays and the weekdays of 24 hours in the weekdays .
Oyamazaki Interchange / JCT - Kumiyama-Yodo - Kumiyama-Yodo Station
The Uji Tunnel is the most longest among the National Route 1 and 313 meters in the tunnel , and the tunnel is banned by the Uji Interchange and Kasatori Interchange .
In the vicinity of Mt . Kumiyama , the film " Dai Daisan-sama " ( The Dance of Dance ) , which was opened before the opening of the film , was held , and the film was performed .
In the Seta Higashi Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange , JCT and the JCCT , the trains bound for Keiji Bypass via Keiji Bypass is short , and the trains bound for Keiji Bypass via Keiji Bypass is short , and the trains bound for Keiji Bypass via Keiji Bypass .
Because there are no facilities such as Australization , there are many facilities such as the Meishin Expressway ( the Seta Higashi - Oyamazaki Station ) , and there is a bus service for the Meishin Expressway ( a facility for the Meishin Expressway and the Katsura-gawa River ) .
However , the Sanden Higashi and Oyamazaki-ryo JCT ( especially known as Oyamazaki Junction ) was established in the form of a guardian deity ( especially known as Oyamazaki Junction ) .
There is a conclusion that there is a conclusion that the route of the route to the route between the Suita and Osaka area to Suita , Osaka and Osaka to the Osaka area is interrupted .
On the way , there are no number of people who do not function as a bypass of the Meishin Expressway , because they do not function as a bypass of the highway Expressway .
This road is an automated road that is located on National Route 1 ( National Highway Route 1 ) , and it is not an automatic car .
In the direction of the Uji-gawa River , the Keiji Bypass in the Uji-gawa River and Osaka Station is not going to the west of Uji City .
The Uji Higashi Interchange is a IC Interchange .
For this reason , the section between the Uji Interchange and the Uji Interchange of the Uji Higashi Interchange is often traffic .
In this section , the section of the general road is not a complicated section , so it is difficult to avoid diseases .
Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture ( Uji City Interchange ) - Kumiyama-cho , Kuze County
Refer to the section on the south of Kumiyama-cho to the west of the Kyoto University .
The upper side is the end of the station , and the end is the end of the end .
On the left side , the right side is placed on the right side .
Fiscal year fiscal year 2005 : The weekdays of the weekdays and the weekdays of 24 hours in the weekdays .
Yosagura , Tsu City , 13,137
Akiyama-cho , Kumiyama-cho , Kuse-gun , 35,493
The National Highway Bureau of Land , Transport and Tourism ( Shiga Prefecture )
The Kyoto National Highway Co . , Ltd . , Kyoto National Highway Co . , Ltd . ( National Route 24 , Kyoto Prefecture , Kyoto Prefecture )
The Kyoto National Highway Co . , Ltd . ( National Route 478 ) , the Kyoto National Highway Co . , Ltd .
Higashi Hongan-ji Temple is a Buddhist temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) located in Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City .
It is the head temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , which is the head temple of the Otani school of Shinshu sect , which is the head temple of the Otani school of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , and it is the head temple of the Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , which is the head temple of the Nishi Hongan-ji Temple .
His formal name was ' Hongan-ji Temple ' in 1987 , and after the same year , it was called ' Shinshu Honbyo . '
In order to distinguish it from Nishi Hongan-ji Temple in Shimogyo Ward , it is often called ' Higashi san . '
( For details about the history of Hongan-ji Temple , refer to the history of Hongan-ji Temple . )
The twelfth head priest of Hongan-ji Temple ( Koju ) was given the territory of Hongan-ji Temple by Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , and in 1602 when Hongan-ji Temple was divided into two .
The temple was located in Shichijo Shichijo , Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , and it came to be called Higashi Hongan-ji Temple to the east of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple .
In 1987 , Hongan-ji Temple was dissolved as a religious corporation of the Otani school , and it was regarded as a religious corporation .
After that , the official name of Higashi Hongan-ji Temple was the official name of the ' Shinshu Honbyo ' ( the teachings of the founder Shinran ) , and it became the origin of Shinran 's teachings , ' Haokage ' ( the teachings of Shinran 's teachings ) .
It is also referred to as the Hongan-ji school of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , which is distinguished from the Hongan-ji school of the Jodo Shinshu sect .
Oto ( east )
In the Edo period , there was a fire in the Edo period , so many of the buildings were built by fire , so many of the existing buildings were rebuilt in the Meiji period , but many of the existing buildings were rebuilt in the Meiji period , but the construction of buildings and wall paintings were made in the Meiji period .
The Goei-do hall enshrining Shinran Shonin is the largest wooden architecture of the world ( the construction of the protection of the roof ) .
Also , the Miyodo gate is one of Sanmon Sanmon gate ( Sanmon gate ) .
It is owned by Shinran Shinseki ( a national treasure ) ( a national treasure ) , which is owned by Shinran .
The subsidiary of the land area of the land center is a scenic beauty in the country .
The current head priest is Koaki OTANI ( Joyo ) .
National Treasure
Important Cultural Property
From Gojo Station of Kyoto City Subway ( Kyoto Municipal Subway )
University
Otani University
Kyoto Kogyo Women 's University
Osaka University
Aritomo University
Nagoya Career University
Nagoya University
Aichi University
Aichi Shinjo University
The Third High School of the Former School is the former High School , the predecessor of Kyoto University .
Its abbreviated name is ' Sanka . '
The first head of the school was Hikichi KURITA .
In 1869 , he was established in Osaka .
The name was changed .
1870 : Chemistry - > Kaisei = > Kaisei = >
1872 : The fourth school of the University of the University of the University of Education
1873 : Chapter of the third university , Changaku = > Kaimei Gakko
1874 : Osaka Gakko Gakko ( Osaka School of Foreign Studies ) - > Osaka English School
In 1879 , he was appointed as Osaka Gakko .
1880 : Osaka Junior High School .
In 1885 , the University of Education was established in 1886 , and the Third High School was established .
In 1887 , he was appointed as the third Higher School of Medicine ( Okayama City , Okayama Prefecture ) .
The main course was inaugurated by the Department of Education .
1889 : It was relocated to Kamigyo Ward , Osaka City ( present-day Chuo Ward , Osaka City ) to Kamigyo Ward , Kyoto City ( present Sakyo Ward ) .
In addition to the former Faculty of Medicine , the Faculty of Law was established .
In 1893 , he was promoted to the Third High School of the Third High School .
The course of the course of course was abolished , and the course of course was abolished .
It was established in the Faculty of Engineering .
The establishment of the Kyoto Imperial University ( in 1897 ) was established in the University of Education ( the revival of education for education ) .
He was abolished in the Faculty of Law ( officially issued in 1901 ) .
The Faculty of Medicine is Okayama University ( 1901 ) .
In 1949 , the former Kyoto University of Kyoto University ( Kyoto Imperial University ) and Kyoto University of Kyoto University were integrated into the Kyoto University of Kyoto University , and it was a branch school in charge of education .
In 1950 , he sent graduates from the third High School , and was officially abolished .
1954 : The school changed its name to Kyobu .
In 1991 , the Faculty of Environment was established in the Faculty of Environment and the Graduate School of Environment .
1992 : The Faculty of Letters was reorganized into the Faculty of Letters .
The school was abolished .
2003 : Graduate School of Letters and Environmental Studies were integrated .
Refer to the school system .
Amaterasu Omikami is a god ( Shinto god ) who appears in Japanese mythology .
In " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , ' Tensho ' is referred to as ' Ama . '
It is considered that the god of the sun is the god of the sun and is considered to be one of the ancestors of the Imperial Family .
In " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , it is written as Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) and " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
He was also known as Ohiurume no kami .
According to " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , there are several names of gods in " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) .
There is a theory that he was a female god , but it is also said that he was a male god .
Since the name of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is also used in politics such as " Kotaijingu Gishicho " ( a list of shrines in the Heian period ) , it was originally used in the political part of " Kotaijingu Gishicho " ( a list of shrines in the Heian period ) , and it is also said that it was originally a deity of Takamimusubi , and it was originally the god of Takamimusubi , and it is also said that it was the god of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
In the Ise-jingu Shrine , it is also referred to as Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) or Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and it is also referred to as Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) in front of the shrine .
At present , it is now called ' Amaterasu , ' which is now a historical document .
There is also a theory that it was written in ancient times .
Description in mythology
According to " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , Izanagi returned from Yomi , Izanagi , where Izanagi returned to Yomi and washed his left hand .
On this occasion , he was called Susanoo , who was born from the right right , and was called Sankiko .
At that time , Izanagi ordered Amaterasu Omikami to rule Takamanohara .
Susanoo , who was entrusted to the sea , was banished by Izanagi because Izanagi was exiled to the country of Izanami .
Susanoo went back to the country , but she was in Takamanohara , where his older sister , Amaterasu Omikami , went to Takamanohara , but Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was a younger brother of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , was defeated by his younger brother .
In order to prove the purification of Susanoo , the god of the three pillars of the three pillars of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , Susanoo no kami , and Susanoo were born , and Susanoo was born .
It was born from the fact that Amaterasu Omikami was born from the fact that Amaterasu Omikami was the son of Amaterasu Omikami .
Amenooshihomimi
Amenohohi
Amatsuhikone
Kuhitsuhikone
Kumanosubi
Susanoo , who was good at this , worked hard in Takamanohara , and the god of Amaterasu Omikami fell into the rock .
In the past , there were various disasters .
Chichibu no kami ( the god of Chichibu no kami , the god of Chichibu , a guardian deity of Chie no kami ) and Amenookoyane no Mikoto , who was a child of Ame no kami , succeeded to the Iwato no kami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and Susanoo succeeded to the throne from Takanohara ( Takamanohara ) .
When Amenooshihomimi , who was a son of Ashihara no Nakatsukuni , sent the Amatsukami ( god of heaven ) , he sent Amatsukami ( god of heaven ) .
When Ashihara no Nakatsukuni was conquered , Ninigi was born when Amenooshihomimi descended to Amenooshihomimi , but the grandson of Ninigi was born .
Translation
In the mythology , there is a view that Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was born in the mythology , asked him to be a divine spirit of the god of the gods , and that Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is considered to be a divine spirit of the emperor .
Also , there is a view that it is a shrine maiden in ancient times .
The name ' Hikaru ' is a miko ( shrine maiden ) who served the sun god .
There is a theory that the sun goddess was originally a male god , but there is a theory that the shrine maiden became the god of the sun and became a female god .
In addition , there is a theory that this god was originally a female god , and it is also said that Himiko was the model of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
It is pointed out that the birth of the god of the god of the sun and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon of the moon , and " The Present of the Present " ( before the sixth century ) , ' the eyes of the right of the left , ' and ' the eyes of the right of the left , ' and ' the eyes of the right of the right , ' and ' the eyes of the right of the right , ' and the influence of Taoism .
It is said that the term " Usuki " and " Saigu " , such as " Amaterasu Omikami " ( the Sun Goddess ) , Ise-jingu Shrine , Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( a shrine dedicated to the deities of the Ise-jingu Shrine ) , Shikihaku ( a traditional Japanese court lady in the Heian period ) , Shikiheie ( a traditional Japanese court lady in the Heian period ) , Shikiheie ( a traditional Japanese court lady in the Heian period ) , Shikiheie ( a kind of silk fabric ) , and Shikiheie ( a kind of silk fabric ) .
According to the mythology , the mythology of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is said to have been written in the old period ( 3 - fourth century ) , and it is said that the mythology of the mythology of the ancient times .
There is also a theory that it is a mysterious mythology that spread in Japan as a result of the history of the history of the history of Japan , and it is a mysterious mysterious mythology in Japan .
According to " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , there is a theory that the shrine was changed into three times .
The contents of the incident are based on the contents of the incident .
645 : The Taika Reforms .
The Emperor is not enshrined in the Imperial Family before this time .
The ' sun ' ( literally , ' sun ' ) , ' Taiyo ' ( the sun goddess ) .
The male god called ' Maro ' was also enshrined .
In the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , there is a shrine named ' Ama no Tono ' ( Marutamaru ) in Tsushima , and ' Amamaru no Mikoto ' in Tanba , ' Amamatama no Mikoto , ' and ' Amatamitama no Mikoto ' in Tanba .
Incidentally , it is also known as Amatateru no Mikoto , the grandson of Amaterasu , and Amenohibari is the founder of the Owari clan , the Tsutsuji clan , and the Nabe clan .
In addition , the younger brother of Amenohibari , who was the great-grandfather of Emperor Jinmu , was his great-grandfather .
672 : The Jinshin War .
" Oohimome " is a daughter of ' a daughter of the sun god , ' ' Tanaka no kami . '
In this case , it is interpreted that the enshrined deity of the enshrined deity is ' Marutamaru , ' the god of the god and the god of the body .
698 : The shrine was founded .
It is ' Amaterasu , the ancestor of the Imperial family . '
She is a female god .
As a model for the Emperor Jito , it was created as a model for the god of nature .
Even after that , ' Tensho ' other than the ancestor of the Imperial family was called ' Marutamaru . '
For example , in " Sarashina Nikki " ( The Diary of Sarashina Nikki ) ( around 1060 ) , the part of ' Tensho ' is pronounced as ' Amaterasu Omikami ' and ' Amaterasu Omikami ' in " The former Kujihongi " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , which is also called ' Marutamaru no Mamochi ' ( literally , ' the god of heaven ) ' in " Sendai Kujihongi " ( Ancient Japanese History ) .
In 1880 - 1881 , there was a controversy on the world of Shinto , which occurred in the Shinto religion , where the enshrined deity of Shinden ( Shinto shrine ) of the Shinden ( Shinto shrine ) of Hibiya in Tokyo .
The Shinto office of Shinto was established as the enshrined deity of the Shinto shrine , and the four pillars of the gods were enshrined in the Shinden ( the main shrine ) of the Bureau of Shinto Shrines and the four pillars of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and the ' Izumo-ha ' ( the Izumo school ) and the four pillars of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , which were the main enshrined deity of the Shinto religion , insisted that ' the five pillars of the Izumo school , ' ' the world of the world . '
However , the ' Ise school ' who played the central role of the Shinto office was a ' Tenchi Daishu ' ( Great Buddha of the Great Buddha ) , which was the ' Tenchi Daishu ' ( Great Buddha of the heaven ) , which was a vassal of Kenyu and the other gods , and the other gods insisted that there were no other gods .
In the fruit , there were various theories such as ' The line of the Izumo-ha school has been used for a long time . '
Before long , the dispute was made by the Emperor Meiji , and the gods of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) were regarded as the highest rank .
In addition , it is said that the government recognized that the government could not control the common people directly by the Meiji Government , and it is said that the modern nation could not control the common people directly by the modern nation .
Please refer to the section on the Shinto religion of Shinto Shinto .
When Ryunosuke AKUTAGAWA appeared in his novel , it was also called ' Ohomuruchi , ' another name of the name of Amaterasu Omikami .
This is because the word ' Tensho Okami ' ( Amaterasu Omikami ) is the name of the ancestor of the Emperor , and it is because the god of the sun goddess , or the god of the sun , is not used to use the ' Dainichi no Ki ' ( the Sun Goddess ) .
In fact , there is a large number of people who did not have a lot of armor and exclusion of the army in the novel of AKUTAGAWA .
Masaatsu YASUOKA ( 1898 - 1983 ) , who was established in the Konchigakuin School ( 1898 - 1983 ) was a belief of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
Amaterasu Omikami is a ideal idea that the world of the world should be blessed with the world .
It is said that the word ' Izanagi ' and Izanagi , ' Iiza , ' is an ideal of the world of the world , and it is the idea that it is the ideal of the world of the world .
The shrine enshrining Amaterasu Omikami
The shrine enshrining Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is called Jinmyo-jinja Shrine , but it is located across the country , but the main shrine is the Naiku ( inner palace ) of Ise-jingu Shrine ( Ise-jingu Shrine ) .
The Taidai-jingu Shrine is a Shinto shrine that is enshrined as a shintai ( object of worship ) of the Three Sacred Treasures .
Most of the shrines in Japan are distributed in many shrines in Japan .
Daimyoshu is a word which was changed from Daimyoshu .
It refers to the name of a person .
It is a small name .
It was originally a person who tried to grow power in local regions .
Among the samurai society , a samurai who was owned by many territories and their subordinates .
In the Muromachi period , Shugo ( provincial constable ) strengthened his territory and became a shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord as provincial constable ) .
In the Sengoku Period ( Period of Warring States ) , the daimyos who established their own territory and established the daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) and Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) were called daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) .
In the Edo period , it was a word to refer to the samurai who were given the territory of 10,000 koku ( crop yields ) from Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that the samurai of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was a samurai of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In addition , daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) were also referred to as the lords of daimyo ( feudal lords ) as their feudal lords , and they were also referred to as daimyo lords .
This section describes the details of the Edo period in the Edo period .
Refer to the article for the shugo daimyo and daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) .
He was a daimyo in the Edo period .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Edo period were decided by the rank of social status and court ranks , and the rank was decided by the official court rank and a post .
First , according to the relationship with the Tokugawa Shogun family , the family was classified as a daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) , which was a vassal of the Tokugawa family in the Battle of Sekigahara , and after the Battle of Sekigahara , he was classified as a vassal of the Tokugawa family , who had been a vassal of the Tokugawa family before the Battle of Sekigahara .
When the first shogun , Ieyasu , the first shogun of the shogun family died , the Tokugawa family was allowed to maintain the Tokugawa family , and in order to control the daimyo ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , he was allowed to use the Tokugawa family to the Tokugawa family , and he was allowed to use the Tokugawa family to the Tokugawa family , and he was allowed to use the Tokugawa family to the Mito Domain and the tenth son Yorifusa TOKUGAWA , the tenth son of Yorifusa TOKUGAWA , a feudal lord of the Mito Domain .
In addition , when the second Shogun Hidetada TOKUGAWA , Hideyasu YUKI , who was the second son of Ieyasu , was appointed to the Echizen Domain , he established a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) of the Tokugawa family .
In addition , he was appointed as a fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) , which was established by the Tokugawa Shogun family , and in order to secure the military power of the bakufu , he was appointed as an important post in the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was appointed as an important post in the shogunate government .
The fudai daimyo ( hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) was relatively low , and the Hikone Domain of the Hikone Domain , who was a fudai daimyo ( hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) , made a large amount of rice crop yields , but in the Edo period , the family of daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) , such as the Torii clan and the Ogasawara clan , and the Ogasawara clan , the Hatamoto clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , and the Toda clan .
It came to be used for the separation of power and military power .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) became a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) who belonged to the Tokugawa family in the Battle of Sekigahara .
In the case , the bakufu was strong , and in the case of fear of discretion of the bakufu , it was strictly deprived of his severe punishment , and when he was feared by a failure , he was deprived of his fief .
As a representative daimyo , the clan of the Shimazu clan , a feudal lord of the Kaga Domain , a feudal lord of the Satsuma clan , a feudal lord of the Satsuma clan , a feudal lord of the Satsuma clan , a feudal lord of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the Fukuoka clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Saga clan , the lord of the domain of the Saga clan , the lord of the domain of the Saga clan , the Sake clan , the lord of the domain of the Akita clan , the Sake clan , the lord of the domain of the Akita clan of the Akita clan of the Akita clan of the Akita clan , the lord of the domain of the Akita clan of the Akita clan of the Akita clan .
In addition , the territory was divided into one province or more than one province or more than one koku or more than a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was also divided into the status of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was also divided into the status of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , and when daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) went to Edo Castle .
For details , refer to the article .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was not allowed to have a territory of 10 thousand koku ( unit of unit of unit ) of 10 thousand koku ( unit of unit of unit ) of the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the castle town , and most of them had a territory around the castle .
In the case of the extreme case , one village ruled the village and divided into the local lords .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was more than 5,000 koku , but the Kitsuregawa clan of the Kikkawa clan was 5,000 koku .
This was because the Kikkawa clan was a descendant of the Ashikaga clan .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) were under the control of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and the system of Sankinkotai ( a system of centralized government based on the ritsuryo code ) .
In addition , in the end of the Edo period , the term " todo-den " was also ordered to be ordered to defend the coast of the coastal defense in the end of the Edo period .
The word for daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord )
Among the kazoku daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) , the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was one of the lords of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) .
A residence of daimyo daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
In Edo , the residence was located in Edo , where the residence was called the residence of the residence .
He was a daimyo daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was moved to the battlefield in the Sankinkotai ( a system of centralized government based on the Edo period ) .
In addition , there is also a way to move a group of a group to move a group of a group .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , which was made by the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) to the daimyo ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It consisted of feudal retainers of domains .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) as a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The bakufu ordered the bakufu to appoint a criminal to the daimyo .
It is a fushin for daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
It is a traveler trip to the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The Japanese territorial lord daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was a legislation that was established in order to communicate with Edo .
When he is a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , he is often used to make a fish with three pieces of fish .
It is said that he was a wealthy force .
It is cut into a large amount of fish and meat .
It is purchased to purchase the budget .
It is a bowl of rice bowl .
It is also referred to as a type of lacquered painting , which is made by a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a ship of a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
It is a horizontal pattern pattern .
In the " Setsuyoshu " ( a collection of Japanese poetry compiled by the Muromachi period ) in the Muromachi period , the following two kinds of ' tamashi ' and ' daimyoyo ' were given to shugo ( provincial constable ) , the latter , and the latter .
In the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) , the distinction between the sound and the sound of the sound was often called ' tamashi . '
In the beginning of the 17th century , the two sound of ' Dainyo ' and ' Taka ' were published , but the distinction of the word is not clear , and the difference between the two sound is not clear .
In the Edo period , the name of ' Omyo ' was established in the Edo period , and it was called ' Dainyo ' in the Kansei era .
Shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) , Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period )
Chikamasa , daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) , fudai daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family )
The domain
Shoshu
