Remarks
He was a monk of the early Kamakura period and was a monk of the Tofuku-ji Temple .
He was the founder of the Soto sect and was the founder of the Soto sect .
It is said that he was the first person who lived during the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) .
He was the founder of the Soto sect , and he was the first person of the Soto sect .
His posthumous Buddhist name was Sango ( literally , " mountain name " ) , and his posthumous Buddhist name was Soshi .
It is said that he was a master of Zen Buddhism .
It is said that , in the case of a person who was in charge of the ceremony , he was in charge of the tea ceremony , and in the following year , he was in charge of the tea ceremony .
It is also said that he was in charge of the first half of his life , and he was in charge of the first half of his life .
He was a son of MINAMOTO no Morotada , who was a member of the House of Peers , and he was also a member of the House of Peers .
He was the first son of FUJIWARA no Kunimichi , who was the head of the family , and he was also a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan .
He was a son of MINAMOTO no Morotaka , who was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and was also a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan .
He was born in the same year as his father , and he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was the first son of the Emperor Gomomozono , and he was appointed as the head of the family by the order of the Imperial Court in the same year .
There is a theory that he was a child of the first head of the family and the second head of the family , MINAMOTO no Morotaka .
It is said that he was the first person in charge of the study of Japanese classical literature , and he was the author of " The Tale of Genji . "
He was born in the same year as his father , who was a monk of the Tofuku-ji Temple in Kyoto .
He was appointed as the head priest of the Tendai sect in the same year , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head priest of the temple .
He was a monk of the Tendai sect , and was appointed to the position of the head priest of the temple in 1227 .
He was a monk of the Tofuku-ji Temple in Kyoto , and he was a monk of the Tofuku-ji Temple in the same year .
It is said that he was in charge of the construction of the temple , and in the following year , he was appointed to the post of the head of the temple .
In 1253 , he was appointed to the post of governor of Mutsu Province .
The temple is located at the foot of Mt . Hiei in Kyoto City .
It is said that the temple was built by the monk of Mt . Hiei in the same period .
He was appointed to the governor of Kozuke Province in December of the same year , and in the same year , he was appointed as the Governor of Kozuke Province .
He was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and he was appointed to the post of the Governor of Hoki Province .
The temple is located in the vicinity of the temple , and the temple is located in the vicinity of the temple .
It is said that he was in charge of the construction of the temple at the time of his death , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head priest of the temple .
He was a member of the Council of State , and in the same year , he was appointed to the post of Samurai-dokoro betto ( the head of the Board of Retainers ) .
It is said that in the era of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) , there was a big difference between the two sides of the temple and the temple .
The temple is located at the foot of Mt . Hiei , and the temple is located at the foot of Mt . Hiei .
It is said that he died in the following year .
It is said that , in the case of the first half of the year , the first half of the first half of the year , the second half of the head of the temple , the second half of the head of the temple , and the second half of the head of the temple , the second half of the head of the temple .
It is said that he was the only person who lived in the Kanto region , and he was the only person who lived in the Imperial Court .
The temple is located in the middle of the year , and it is said that the temple is the place where the temple is located .
It is the only one that has been passed down from the viewpoint of view .
It is said that there is no one who has the same meaning as the one who has the same meaning .
It is said that he was the only person who lived in the mountains in the mountains .
It is also said that he was in love with his wife , and he was in love with him .
It is also said that there is no one who has the same meaning as the one who has the same meaning as the one who has the same meaning as the one who has the same meaning .
It is a Buddhist temple that has a strong impression .
It is said that he was the only person who was the head of the family , and he was the head of the family , and he was the only person who was the chief priest of the temple .
" Byodo-in " ( Byodo-in Temple )
" The Pictures of the Pictures of the Pictures " ( Pictures of Pictures , Pictures and Pictures )
" Kaitai " ( Pictures on the Pictures ) , published by Kaitai , published by Iwanami Shoten ( published by Iwanami Shoten , published by Iwanami Shoten , published by Iwanami Shoten , published by Iwanami Shoten , published by Iwanami Shoten )
Iwanami Shoten ( Iwanami Shoten ) ( Iwanami Shoten , Iwanami Shoten )
" Sanden " ( Sanden ) ( Sanden , Sanden , Sanden )
" Kaitensho " ( A Collection of Teaching and Teaching ) , published by Kaitensha , was published in the same year .
" Rongo " ( Rongo )
" Geisho " ( a book written in the Edo period )
" The Pictures of the Pictures of the Pictures " ( Pictures of Pictures and Pictures )
" Sake " ( literally , " Sake " ) and " Sake " ( literally , " Sake " )
" Kegon-kyo " ( the Lotus Sutra ) and " Kegon-kyo " ( the Lotus Sutra )
" Section of Section of Section of Section of Section of Section of Scenic Beauty "
" Kaitensho " ( A Collection of Tales of Times Now Publishers ) , published by Iwanami Shoten ( published by Iwanami Shoten ) , published by Iwanami Shoten ( published by Iwanami Shoten ) , published by Iwanami Shoten ( published by Iwanami Shoten in 1973 )
" Section of Section of Section of Section of Section of Section of Section of Section of Section of Section of Section "
" The Pictures of the Pictures of the Pictures " ( Pictures of Pictures , Pictures )
" Kaitensho " ( The Book of Kaitensha ) , published by Kaitensha , published by Kaitensha , published by Kaitensha , published by Kaitensha in 1971 .
" Section of Section of Section of Section of Section of Scenic Beauty " ( Section of Scenic Beauty )
" The Collection of Tales of Times Now Pictures " and " The Collection of Times of Times Now Pictures " were compiled in the same year .
Brief Personal History
" Rongo " ( Rongo ) and " Rongo " ( Rongo )
" The Tale of Genji , " written by Kan KIKUCHI
" Byodo-in " ( Portrait of Byodo-in Temple )
" Section of Scenic Beauty " and " Scenes of Scenic Beauty "
" The Pictures of the Pictures of the Pictures "
" Eikyo " ( The Collection of Eikyo ) , published by Kenkichi OKAMOTO , was published in 1978 .
" Section of Section of Scenic Beauty " and " Scenes of Scenic Beauty "
" Section of Scenic Beauty " ( Scene of Scenic Beauty )
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and in the following year , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State , and in the following year , he went to Kyoto .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was appointed as a member of the Council of State .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was appointed to the post of the head of the temple in the following year , and in the following year , he was appointed to the post .
He was one of the four great calligraphers of the late Heian period , and he was also a member of the House of Representatives .
" Ekisai " ( a book on the history of Ekisai ) , written by Ekisai KANO , was published in the same year .
The station is located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto City , and is located in the vicinity of the station .
It is said that in the morning of the year of the first year of the first year of the first year of the year , the temple was located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto , and it was built in the vicinity of the city .
The station is located in the northern part of the city of Japan , and the station is located in the northern part of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
In addition to the above , there was a large number of people who were in charge of the construction of the station , and in the end of the year , they were in charge of the construction of the station .
The name of the temple is derived from the fact that the temple is located in the northern part of the city of Kyoto , and the temple is located in the northern part of the city .
It is said that , in the case of the first half of the year , the first half of the year , the second half of the year , the second half of the station , the second half of the station , and the second half of the station .
The station is located in front of the main building of the main building of the main building of the temple , and it is said that the main building of the temple is the main building of the temple .
It is said that in the morning of the first year of the first year of the first year of the first year of the year , it was made with a large amount of wood .
It has been handed down to the head of the family , and it has been designated as a national treasure for a long time .
The station is located in front of the main building of the main building of the main building of the temple , and it has been designated as a national historic site .
The temple is located in the vicinity of the main hall of the Kyoto Imperial Palace , and it is said that the temple was built in the middle of the year .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the temple is located on the north side of the station , and the temple is located on the north side of the station .
It was designated as an important cultural property in Kyoto City in March .
In the early Showa period , there was a large number of people who were in charge of the construction of the station , and in the following year , they were in charge of the business .
It is said that , in the case of the first half of the year of the year , the first half of the year of the year , the second half of the year of the year , the second half of the year , and the second half of the new year , the second half of the new year , and the second half of the new year .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The reason for the construction of the station is that the number of people who are in charge of the construction of the station is about the same as those in the case of the main line .
The station is located on the side of the station , and it is located on the side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station and is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
Smackerel
It is said that the name of the temple was derived from the fact that it was derived from the fact that the name of the temple was derived from the fact that it was derived from the fact that the temple was located in the south .
In addition to the above , there is a description that the number of people who were in charge of the construction of the station was increased in the following year , and the number of people who were in charge of the construction of the station was increased .
It is said that he was in charge of the affairs of the Imperial Household , and in the following year , he was appointed to the position of the head of the family .
It is the only case in which the head of the family is located , and the head of the family is the head of the family .
JNR / JR Diesel Locomotive Car Series 181
In 1916 , he became a member of the company .
Nos. 1 : Nos. Nos. 1
It has been designated as a national treasure since the year of the war .
JNR / JR Diesel Locomotive Car Series 181
It was built in the vicinity of the Kamogawa River in 1917 .
The station is located on the west side of the station .
It has been designated as a national treasure since the year of the war .
It has been designated as a national historic site since 1971 .
JNR / JR Diesel Locomotive Car Series 181
It was built in the early Showa period .
He was appointed to the post of the governor of Hyogo Prefecture in the same year .
1983 : The station was abolished .
It was built in the following year , and it was completed in the same year .
JNR / JR Diesel Locomotive Car Series 181
He was born in the same year .
Towns of the Towns of Towns and Towns of Towns
In the same year , the number of passengers who were in charge of the operation of the company was increased .
JNR / JR Diesel Locomotive
The company was established in 1916 .
In the same year , the company was transferred to the city of Kyoto .
The station is located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto , and it is located in the vicinity of the station .
JNR / JR Diesel Locomotive Car Series 181
The company was established in the same year .
It is located in Nakagyo Ward , Kyoto City .
Research Center for the Protection of Cultural Properties
JNR / JR Diesel Locomotive Car Series 181
1962 : The station was built on the side of the Hashimoto family .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and it is located on the north side of the station .
1983 : The station was abolished .
Dream locomotive ( Dream )
1962 : The station was built on the side of the Hashimoto family .
Towns in Towns in Towns in Towns and Towns in Towns .
Dream locomotive ( Dream )
1962 : The station was built on the side of the company .
It is located in Nakagyo Ward , Kyoto City .
JNR / JR Diesel Locomotive
1962 : The company was transferred to the Department of Fine Arts .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and is on the north side of the station .
In the same year , the number of passengers who were in charge of the operation of the company was increased .
JNR / JR Diesel Car Series 181
It was built in the same year as the Memorial Museum of Fine Arts .
Nara Kotsu Co . , Ltd .
1983 : The station was abolished .
Dream locomotive ( Dream )
He was born in the same year as the first head of the company in Japan .
It is located in Nakagyo Ward , Kyoto City .
It has been designated as a national treasure since the year of the war .
In the same year , he became a member of the House of Peers .
JNR / JR Diesel Locomotive
It was built in the same year as in the same year .
In the same year , he became a member of the Kyoto Prefectural Police Department .
The station is located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto Prefecture , and it has been designated as a national treasure .
It is located in the north of the station , and it is located in the west of the station .
Dream : Dream locomotive ( Dream )
It was built in the same year as in the same year .
The station is located in the vicinity of the city , and it is located in the vicinity of the city .
It has been designated as a national treasure since the year of the war .
In the same year , he became a member of the House of Peers .
JNR / JR Diesel Car Series 181
1927 : The company was established in the same year .
It was established in the middle of the year , and it was placed under the control of the government .
1983 : The station was abolished .
JNR / JR Diesel Locomotive Co . , Ltd .
1962 : The station was built on the side of the Hashimoto family .
It was originally located in Nakagyo Ward , Osaka City .
In the same year , the number of passengers who were in charge of the operation of the company was increased .
Dream : Dream locomotive
The station is located in the southwestern part of Kyoto Prefecture , and the station is located in the southwest of the station .
The station is located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto Prefecture .
It has been designated as a national treasure since the year of the war .
In the same year , he became a member of the House of Peers .
JNR / JR Diesel Locomotive
He was born in the same year as the founder of the Kanazawa family .
It is located in the southern part of the city of Tokyo , and it is located in the south of the city .
1983 : The station was abolished .
Color on Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Sil
Picture-3
Ekiben ( Ekiben , Ekiben , Ekiben , Ekiben , Ekiben )
Structure : Structure : Structure : Structure : Structure
Silk : Silk Silk Silk Silk ( Silk Silk Silk )
Picture 2 : Picture 2
Biwako ( Biwako ) ( Biwako ) ( Biwako ) ( Biwako ) ( Biwako )
ISBN 48888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888
Belfry : Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk , Silk Silk Silk Silk , Silk Silk Silk Silk , Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk , Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk , Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk , Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk , Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk , Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk , Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk
Blue : Silk Silk Silk Silk , Silk Silk Silk Silk Silk , Silk Silk Silk Silk
Ekiben ( Ekiben ) ( Ekiben ) , Ekiben ( Ekiben )
He was a member of the House of Representatives and a member of the House of Representatives .
JNR / JR Diesel Car Series 181
The station is located on the north side of the station .
It is the only case in which the head of the head of the head is placed , and the head of the head is placed on the top of the head .
It is also used for the purpose of making it possible to use it .
" The Tale of Genji " ( the first volume of " The Tale of Genji " )
" The Tale of Genji " ( the first volume of " The Tale of Genji " )
Toei Eigasho ( Toei Eigasho )
" The Pictures of the Pictures of the Pictures " and " The Pictures of the Pictures of the Pictures " were established in the middle of the year .
The station is located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto , and it is located on the north side of the station .
It is also known as ' Sannomiya ' ( Sannomiya ) and ' Sannomiya ' ( Sannomiya ) .
" Kaitenkan " ( Kaitensha , Kaitensha , Kaitensha , Kaitensha , Kaitensha , Kaitensha , Kaitensha , Kaitensha , Kaitensha , Kaitensha , Kaitensha )
It is a genre of Japanese classical literature .
It is an important cultural property of the time , and it is also used as a symbol of the state .
It is also known as " Bodhidharma " or " Bodhidharma " in Japanese .
It is also known that the name of the book was derived from the fact that the name of the book was derived from the fact that the book was written in Chinese characters .
It is one of the three major temples in Japan , and is said to have been founded in the early Heian period .
He was a master of Japanese classical literature , and he was also a member of the House of Representatives and was a member of the House of Representatives .
It is said that the temple was founded in the same period as that of the Japanese Buddhism .
It is said that the temple was built in the same year as the temple 's main hall of the temple , and the temple was burnt down in the same year .
In the early Heian period , the temple was founded by the chief priest of the Tendai sect , and the temple was founded by the chief priest of the temple .
The temple is a Buddhist temple of the Tendai sect , and it is also a Buddhist temple of the Tendai sect .
He was also an expert of Japanese classical literature .
He was also an expert at the time of his death .
He was also an expert in the study of Japanese classical literature .
In addition to the above , there are some cases in which there are some cases in which a person who has the same name as a person who has the same name as a person .
It is said that he was in charge of the study of Japanese classical literature , and in addition , he was in charge of the study of Japanese classical literature .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was also a member of the House of Representatives .
In addition to the above , the number of people in the domain was reduced and the number of people in the world was reduced .
It is said that the temple was founded by MINAMOTO no Masafusa , who was the head priest of the Tendai sect .
After the death of his son , he was appointed to the post of the chief priest of Mt . Hiei .
It is said that the temple was founded by MINAMOTO no Toru , the founder of the school .
He was the son of MINAMOTO no Yoshichika , who was the head of the Kyoto Imperial Palace , and was in charge of the construction of the temple .
The temple is located in the vicinity of the temple , and it is said that the temple is located in the vicinity of the city of Mt . Hiei .
The temple is located in the vicinity of the temple , and the temple is located in the vicinity of the temple .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was also a member of the House of Representatives .
It is said that he was in charge of the construction of the temple , and he became a priest at the age of 14 .
It is said that the school was founded by the people of the time , and the school was established by the people of the time .
It is said that he was the only person who was the head of the Tendai sect at the time of his death .
Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism )
The temple is a temple of the Shingon sect , and it is said that the temple was founded by Kukai .
This is the beginning of the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) .
He was the founder of the school , and he was the first person in charge of the study of Japanese classical literature .
He was an expert of Japanese classical literature .
It is said that the temple was founded by the Imperial Court during the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) .
The school was founded in the early Edo period , and the school was divided into the two schools of the Shingon sect and the school .
The school was founded in the middle of the Edo period , and the school was divided into the two groups : the Kansei school , the Kansei school , the Kansei school , and the Kansei school .
The temple is located in the northwest of the temple , and the temple is located in the northwest of the temple , and the temple is located in the south of the temple .
The temple is located in the center of the school , and the school is located in the center of the school , and the school is located in the center of the school .
He was the founder of the Kano school , and he was also a master of the Kano school .
The temple is located in the vicinity of Mt . Hiei , and the temple is located in the vicinity of Mt . Hiei .
It is said that he was the first person in charge of the study of Japanese classical literature and culture .
The school is the school of the Shingon sect , and the school is the school of the school of the school .
He was the founder of the Hino family , and he was the first head of the Hino family .
The temple is located at the foot of Mt . Koya , and the temple is located at the foot of Mt . Koya .
It is said that the temple was located in the south of Mt . Koya , and the temple was located in the south of Mt . Koya .
It is also said that the name of the school is derived from the fact that the school is located in the northern part of the mountain .
It is said that the first half of the book was written in the same way as the first half of the book , and the second half of the book was written in the same style .
It is a piece of music that has a long history .
Emperor Tenchi 's reign was Emperor Kobun .
He was a man .
The year of the Jinshin War ( 66-645 ) was the first year of the Emperor Tenchi .
He was the seventh Emperor of Japan .
The name of the shrine is derived from the fact that the shrine was founded in the era of Emperor Suinin .
His imina ( personal name ) was Hatsuse .
It is said that he was a member of the Imperial family , and he was a child of Emperor Sushun .
He was the first son of Emperor Kazan , and his mother was the daughter of TAIRA no Takamochi .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and his name was also written as ' 大子 ' in Chinese characters .
Explanation
He was the second prince of Emperor Seiwa .
His mother was the daughter of Emperor Seiwa .
His mother was a daughter of Prince Takechi , who was a member of the Imperial family , and his mother was a daughter of Prince Takechi .
After the death of his father , he was appointed as a member of the Imperial Family , and he was appointed as a member of the Imperial Family .
In addition to the above , there was a conflict between the two groups of the Imperial Court and the Imperial Court and the Imperial Court .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was a member of the House of Peers .
He was a member of the Imperial Family , and in the following year , he was appointed to the post of Dazai no daini ( Senior Assistant Governor-General of the Dazai-fu offices ) .
He was appointed to the post of Dazai no daini ( Senior Assistant Governor-General of the Dazai-fu offices ) in the following year .
After the death of Emperor Gomurakami , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed the head of the family .
He was a member of the Council of State and a member of the Council of State , but he was killed in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi in the following year .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was promoted to the rank of Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) in the following year .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , the number of persons who were in charge of the construction of the shrine was about 30 .
He was the first son of Emperor Gomurakami , and his son , Emperor Gomurakami , was appointed as the head of the family .
After the death of his father , Emperor Gomurakami , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the end of the seventh century , he was appointed as the head of the clan .
After the death of Emperor Seiwa , he was appointed as a member of the Imperial Family .
After the death of Emperor Gomurakami , he was appointed as the head of the family , and his son , Emperor Gomurakami , was appointed as the head of the family .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was appointed to the post of the Governor of Mino Province in the following year .
Career
He was born in 645 .
On April 1 , 1993 , he was appointed as the Crown Prince .
The first year of the establishment of the Ritsuryo system ( a system of centralized government based on the ritsuryo code )
On March 1 , 645 , the Emperor was enthroned .
He died at the age of 23 in July of the same year .
It is said that he was the only person who was in charge of the construction of the Imperial Palace , and he was in charge of the construction of the Imperial Palace at the time of his death .
He was a member of the Imperial Family , and in the end of the seventh century , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State .
There are several theories about the reason for this .
He was the first son of Emperor Kazan , who was the head of the clan .
There is a theory that he was a son of the Emperor , who was a member of the House of Peers , and he was a member of the House of Peers .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it is said that he was the only person in charge of the construction of the Imperial Palace , and in the same year , he was promoted to the rank of Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) .
There are several theories about the origin of the school , such as the first half of the year of the year , and the second half of the year of the year .
He was the first person who was the head of the family , but in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed the head of the family .
It is said that he was the first person who was a member of the Imperial Family in the era of Emperor Gokomatsu , but he died in the same year .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , there was no one who was in charge of the construction of the Imperial Palace for the first time in the era of Emperor Gomurakami .
There is a theory that he was a child of the Emperor .
In addition to the above , there is a description in the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) that says that he was a member of the Imperial Family and was a member of the House of Peers .
( It is said that the period of the reign of the Emperor Tenmu is based on the " Kojiki " )
He was a member of the Imperial Family , and he was a son of Emperor Gomurakami .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was also a member of the House of Peers .
After the death of his brother , Prince Takechi , he was appointed as the head of the army of the Imperial Prince Takechi .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it is said that , in the end of the year , there was a big difference between the two groups of the Imperial Court and the Imperial Court .
There is a theory that he was a member of the House of Peers , and he was a member of the House of Peers and was a member of the House of Peers .
There is a theory that the Emperor was enthroned in the same year , and the Emperor was in the same way as the Emperor 's wife .
He was a member of the Imperial Family , and his mother was a daughter of Emperor Gomizunoo .
He was a son of the Emperor , and he was also a member of the House of Peers , and he was also a member of the House of Peers .
He was the first son of Emperor Gomomozono , and his mother was the daughter of Emperor Gomomozono .
There is a theory that he was the first person who was a member of the Imperial Family in the era of Emperor Seiwa , and he was a member of the Imperial Household Ministry .
There is a theory that he was a child of the Emperor , and he was a member of the House of Peers , and he was a member of the Imperial Family .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was also a member of the Council of State .
A poem composed by a poet
Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves )
He was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and his poems were also included in the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) and the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
It is said that , in the middle of the year , the head of the head of the head , the head of the head , and the head of the head of the head , the head of the head of the head , the head of the head , the head of the head of the head , and the head of the head of the head .
Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves )
In addition to the above , there is a description that the deity of the mountain is the same as the god of the mountain , and the god of the mountain is the same as that of the mountain .
He was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan and was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan .
He was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and his family line was a branch line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
He was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and he was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan .
He was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and he was appointed to the post of the Governor of Iyo Province .
The family crest is the same as the one that is the same as the one that is the same as the one that has the same family crest .
He was the second son of FUJIWARA no Sanekata , who was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and was a member of the House of Peers .
He was appointed as the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed the head of the family .
The name of the temple is derived from the fact that the temple was located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto , and the temple is located in the vicinity of the temple .
The temple is located at the foot of Mt . Hiei , and it is said that the temple was built in the same year by the order of the Emperor Gomurakami .
He was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and he was appointed as the head of the family in the same year .
He was a son of Emperor Gomomozono , who was the head of the Saionji family , and was in charge of the affairs of state .
After the death of his brother , the Emperor Gomomozono , he took over as the head of the family , and in the end , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was appointed as the head of the clan in the following year , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the temple .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the Imperial Palace , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was a son of Michiie KOGA , who was the head of the family of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan , and was appointed as the head of the family in the following year .
He was a member of the Imperial Family , and he was a master of Japanese classical literature in the early Edo period .
He was the second son of Masashige KUSUNOKI , who was the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was a member of the House of Peers and a member of the House of Peers , but in the same year , he became a member of the House of Peers and became a member of the House of Peers .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives .
It is located in the northern part of Kyoto Prefecture , and is located in the northern part of Shiga Prefecture .
Located in the northern part of Kyoto Prefecture , there is a theory that the temple is located in the northern part of the mountain , and the temple is located in the northern part of the mountain .
It is located in the vicinity of Otsu City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The temple is located in the vicinity of Mt . Koya , and it is said that the temple was built by the people of the time .
Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City
The temple is located in the vicinity of Mt . Hiei , and the temple is located in the vicinity of Mt . Hiei .
Summary
It is said that he was in charge of the construction of the temple , and he was in charge of the construction of Mt . Hiei .
The name of the shrine is derived from the fact that the shrine is located at the foot of Mt . Ibuki , and the shrine is located in the northwest of the mountain .
The temple is located in the vicinity of Mt . Hiei , and it is said that the temple was built in the same manner as the shrine 's guardian deity .
The temple is located in the vicinity of Mt . Hiei , and the temple is located in the vicinity of the temple .
The temple is located in the northern part of the city of Kyoto , and is located in the northern part of the city of Mt . Koya .
He was a member of the House of Peers and a member of the House of Peers , and he was also a member of the Council of State .
It is located in the northwest of the city of Kyoto , and it is located in the south of the station .
It is an unusual event for the people to visit the temple , and the number of people who visit the station is about the same as those for the people in the city .
The temple is located in front of the main hall of the main hall of the temple , which is located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto , and it is said that the temple was built in the middle of the year .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and it is located on the west side of the station .
Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei
The temple is located at the foot of Mt . Hiei , and the temple is located on the north side of the temple .
The name of the temple is derived from the fact that the temple is located on the north side of the temple , and the temple is located on the north side of the temple .
It is located in the northern part of the city of Kyoto Prefecture , and it is said that there is no one in the northern part of the city .
The temple is located in the vicinity of Mt . Hiei and is located in the vicinity of Mt . Hiei .
The temple is located on the north side of the station , and the temple is located on the north side of the station .
The name of the temple is derived from the fact that the temple is located in the northwest of the city , and the temple is located in the northwest of the city .
The temple is located at the foot of Mt . Hiei , and the temple is located in the northwest of Mt . Hiei .
Structure
The temple is located on the north side of the mountain , and is located on the west side of the mountain .
It is said that the number of people who lived in the vicinity of the city is about the same as those in the vicinity of the city .
It is said that the temple was located in the vicinity of Mt . Hiei , and it was located in the vicinity of Mt . Hiei .
Access
Eizan Main Line ( Eizan Main Line )
Eizan Electric Railway ( Eizan Electric Railway )
Eizan Electric Railway ( Eizan Electric Railway )
Mt . Hiei
Kizu-gawa River ( Kyoto Prefecture )
Routes of Mt . Hiei
Kyoto City Bus Co . , Ltd . , Co . , Ltd .
Kyoto City Bus Co . , Ltd . , Ltd .
Broadcasting Corporation
The Kyoto City Board of Finance is located in the vicinity of the city of the city .
The reason for the construction of the station is that the number of people in the northern part of the city is small , and the number of people in the northern part of the city is small .
Ekiben ( Ekiben )
March 1 , 2005 : The station was opened .
Ekiben ( Ekiben )
Brief Personal History
The station is located in front of the station , and the station is located in the vicinity of the station , and the station is located in the vicinity of the station .
It is said that the number of people in the Kinki region and the number of people in the Kinki region , including those in the Kinki region , has been increasing .
Tokai-do Road ( Tokaido Road )
It is located in the northwest of the city of Kyoto , and it is located in the northwestern part of the city of Kyoto .
For details , refer to the section for the first time .
It is said that in the morning of the year of the first year of the first year of the war , there was a large number of people who were in charge of the construction of the temple .
Craftsmen are sold at the same time as those of Crafts .
Tokaido Main Line ( one of the three major roads )
The name of the temple is derived from the fact that the temple is located in the northwest of the city , and the temple is located in the northwest of the city .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives and was also a member of the Council of State .
It is said that the number of people in the area of Kyoto Prefecture is about 25.5 .
The following are the following :
It is located in the northwest of the station , and it is also located in the northwest of the station .
The name of the city is derived from the fact that the name of the city is derived from the fact that the city is located in the vicinity of the city .
Tokyo Metropolitan City
Tokyo Metropolitan Metropolitan City
Kawanakajima City , Mie Prefecture
Nantan City , Kanagawa Prefecture
Atago-yama ( located in Minato Ward , Kyoto City )
Scenic Beauty , Scenic Beauty , Scenic Beauty , Scenic Beauty
Kawasaki City , Mie Prefecture
Tochigi Prefecture ( Tochigi Prefecture )
Scenic Beauty , Scenic Beauty , Scenic Beauty , Scenic Beauty , Scenic Beauty
Odawara City , Kanagawa Prefecture
Nantan City , Hyogo Prefecture
Atago-yama ( Kyoto Prefecture )
Numazu City , Aichi Prefecture ( Numazu City )
Atago-yama ( Kyoto Prefecture )
Atago-yama ( Kyoto City )
Numazu City , Aichi Prefecture : Numazu City
Numazu , Numazu City , Mie Prefecture
Atago-yama ( Tokyo Prefecture )
Atago-yama ( Kyoto City )
Atago-yama ( Kyoto City )
Atago-yama ( Niigata Prefecture )
Nogi-jinja Shrine ( Nogami City , Aichi Prefecture )
Atago-yama ( Kyoto City )
Atago-yama ( Tokyo Prefecture )
Numazu City : Numazu City , Shimane Prefecture
Atago-yama ( Kyoto City )
Atago-yama ( Kyoto City )
Atago-yama ( Kyoto City )
Atago-yama ( Tokyo Prefecture )
Atago-yama ( Nagoya City )
Atago-yama ( located in Minamihama City , Osaka Prefecture )
Matsumoto ( Matsumoto Ward , Tokyo )
Atago-yama ( Kyoto Prefecture )
Iwakuni ( Iwakuni City , Aichi Prefecture )
Iwakuni ( Iwakuni City , Shiga Prefecture )
Iwakuni City , Shiga Prefecture
Iwakuni ( Iwakuni City , Shiga Prefecture )
Atago-yama ( Kyoto City )
Nagaokakyo City , Aichi Prefecture
Scenic Beauty , Scenic Beauty , Scenic Beauty , Scenic Beauty
Atago-yama ( Nagoya City , Osaka Prefecture )
Atago-yama ( Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture )
Shimonoseki City , Mie Prefecture
Hirakata City , Mie Prefecture
Iwashimizu Hachimangu Shrine ( Iwate Prefecture )
Tochigi Prefecture ( Tochigi Prefecture )
Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture
Hirano City , Mie Prefecture
Hirano City , Mie Prefecture , and Hirano City ( the present Hirano City )
Towns of Towns in Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns
Towns of Towns in Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns
Minamikawa-cho , Minamikawa-cho , Shiga Prefecture
Takashima City , Shiga Prefecture
Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
Yamashina Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture
It is said that , in the morning of the year of the first year of the first year of the first year of the first year of the year , the temple was founded by the chief priest of the temple and the chief priest of the temple .
It was built in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto by the order of the Imperial Court in the early Edo period .
It is also known as " Naniwa-kaido Road " or " Naniwa-kaido Road . "
It is said that he was in charge of the construction of the old road , and in addition , he was in charge of the construction of the old road , and he was in charge of the construction of the city .
It is the same as that of the Ritsuryo system ( a system of centralized government based on the ritsuryo code ) .
It is the only case in which the number of people in the area of the country is about to be the same .
There are several theories about the origin of the school .
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City
Hirakata-machi ( Osaka Prefecture )
Takeda-machi ( Takeda-machi , Osaka Prefecture )
Minamikawa-cho , Minamikawa-cho , Osaka Prefecture
It is located in the vicinity of the Kamogawa River , and it is located in the vicinity of the Kamogawa River in Kyoto Prefecture .
He was a son of FUJIWARA no Toshinari , who was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and was a member of the Council of State .
It is said that he was a son of FUJIWARA no Toshinari , who was a member of the House of Peers and was a member of the Imperial Household Agency in the early Edo period .
He was appointed to the post of Dainagon ( chief councilor of state ) in the same year .
He was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and his name was also written in the preface of " The Tale of Genji . "
It is said that he was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and he was a member of the Council of State .
It is said that he was a person who was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives .
He was a son of FUJIWARA no Sadaie , who was a member of the House of Peers , and he was also a member of the Council of State .
It is said that he was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and he was a member of the Council of State and was a member of the Council of State .
It is said that he was a son of MINAMOTO no Toru , who was a member of the Imperial Family , and was a member of the Council of State .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was also a member of the House of Representatives .
There is a description in the chapter of " The Tale of Genji . "
The origin of the word " mokuroku " ( literally , " tale of a person " ) is the same as " mokuroku " ( literally , " tale of a person " ) and " mokuroku " ( literally , " tale of a person " ) .
It is also a collection of poems composed by a person who has the same name as a person who has the same name as a person who has the same name .
It is also said that he was a person who was a member of the Council of State , and he was a member of the Council of State .
Pictures on the Pictures
Concerning the above , there is a theory that he was a child of the Emperor .
There is a theory that he was the only person in existence .
In addition to the above , there is a description in " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) that says that he was a child of the Emperor .
He was one of the four great calligraphers of the Imperial Court , and he was appointed to the post of Kurodo no to ( Head Chamberlain ) in the same year .
It is said that he was in charge of the study of Japanese classical literature , and in the following year , he died at the age of 23 .
" The Tale of Genji " and " The Tale of Genji " are the same as those of the above , but they are still in existence .
There are several theories about the origin of the book .
It is said that he was in charge of the study of Japanese classical literature , and in the following year , he was appointed to the post of the head of the family .
It is said that he was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and he was a member of the Council of State .
It is said that he was the only person who lived in the world , and he was the first person in the world .
It is said that he was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives .
The first part of the book was written in the same way as that of the first half of the year , and the second half of the book was written in the same way as the first half of the book .
It is said that he died at the age of 20 .
Archives of the Imperial Household Archives
The first volume of the book was written in the same book as the second volume of the book .
The book was written in the Kanazawa Library of the Kanazawa family , and it was handed down in the Kanazawa family in the Kanazawa family .
He was a son of FUJIWARA no Korekata , who was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and was appointed to the post of Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) .
From the end of the Kamakura period to the early Kamakura period .
It is said that the first half of the book was written by MINAMOTO no Mitsukuni and the second half of the book , and the second half of the book was written by MINAMOTO no Mitsukuni .
The first volume of the book was written in the same way as the second volume of the book .
Picture-3
It is said that the term " mokuroku " was used in the same way as the " mokuroku " ( a kind of mokuroku ) .
It was written in the early Muromachi period .
It is said that he was in charge of the study of Japanese classical literature , and he was in charge of the construction of the temple at the time of his death .
It consists of three volumes .
It is a collection of anecdotes , and it is a collection of anecdotes .
The book was written by Eitoku KAZANIN , who was a member of the Imperial family in the early Showa period .
It is said that he was a son of Emperor Gomurakami .
It is a book written by Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Sadafusa .
It is a collection of anecdotes written by OE no Masafusa .
There are two kinds of sounds of sounds of sounds of sounds .
The name of the temple is derived from the fact that the name of the temple is derived from the fact that the name of the temple is derived from the fact that it is the same as that of the temple .
It is one of the fifty-four volumes of " The Tale of Genji . "
It is a collection of anecdotes about the year of death .
The second volume of the book was written by MINAMOTO no Tametomo .
It is said that he was one of the three great masterpieces of the story .
Vol . 1
It is said that the term " mokuroku " was used in the same way as the " mokuroku " ( a kind of mokuroku ) .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives .
It is said that he was in charge of the construction of the Imperial Palace , and he was in charge of the tea ceremony at the age of 17 .
It is an important cultural property .
It is said that he was a member of the Imperial Family in the early part of the Edo period .
The book was compiled in the same year , and the book was written in the same way as the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , and the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) and the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
It is said that in the era of Emperor Gomizunoo , there is a description in " The Tale of Genji , " which is a collection of books written in the same period as " The Tale of Genji . "
The book was completed in the same year , and in the same year , the book was published in the same year , and in the same year , the book was written in the same way as the first book .
It is said that he was a member of the Imperial Household Agency , and he was a member of the Council of State in the middle of the 12th century .
It is said that the number of people who were involved in the compilation of the book was 20 , and the number of people who were in charge of the book was 20 .
In addition to the above , there is a description in " The Tale of Genji , " which is said to have been written in the same way as that of " The Tale of Genji " and " The Tale of Genji " in the same way as " The Tale of Genji . "
There are two theories about the origin of the word " meibutsu " and " meibutsu " ( the first meibutsu ) , and the second meibutsu ( the second meibutsu ) of " meibutsu " ( the second meibutsu ) .
It is said that he was the only person who was the head of the family , and he was the head of the family , and he was the only person in charge of the affairs of the Imperial Court .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was also a member of the House of Representatives , and he was also a member of the Council of State .
Economy
It is said that he was the only person who lived in the capital , and he was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and he was a member of the Council of State .
It is said that he was the only person who was the head of the family , and he was a member of the Council of State , and he was a member of the House of Representatives .
It is said that , in the case of the first half of the year , the first half of the year , the first half of the year , the first half of the year , and the second half of the year , the first half of the book was called ' kozo ' ( ' kozo ' ) .
She was a daughter of FUJIWARA no Shoshi .
It is said that he was the only person who was the head of the family , and he was the head of the family , and he was in charge of the construction of the temple .
He was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and his name was unknown .
It is said that he was in charge of the affairs of state , and he was in charge of the affairs of state , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
Brief Personal History
It is said that he was in charge of the affairs of state , and he was promoted to the rank of Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was also a member of the House of Peers .
There is a description that he was the only person who was the head of the family , and in his later years , he was appointed to the post of Kurodo ( Chamberlain ) .
He was appointed as the second Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in December , 1868 .
He was a member of the Council of State , and he was also a member of the Council of State .
He was awarded the rank of Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) .
He was a member of the House of Peers .
He was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
After the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
His real name was Katsu , and his name was Katsu .
He was a member of the Council of State , and his name was also written in the " Azuma Kagami " ( The Mirror of the East ) and the " Azuma Kagami " ( The Mirror of the East ) .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was also a member of the House of Representatives .
It is said that he was in charge of the affairs of the domain , and in addition , he was in charge of the affairs of the domain , and in the following year , he was in charge of the affairs of the domain .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was appointed as a member of the Council of State in the following year .
He was the first person who was in charge of the administration of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In addition to the above , there is a theory that the number of people in the area of the city was about to be reduced , and the number of people in the city was reduced to the number of people in the world .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was also a member of the House of Representatives , and he was also a member of the House of Representatives .
He was born as the second son of Masayoshi INABA , who was a feudal retainer of the Satsuma Domain , and was a member of the House of Representatives .
He was the second son of the Emperor Gomomozono , and his mother was the daughter of the Emperor Gomomozono .
His mother was a daughter of Sadachika ISE , who was a member of the Council of State , and was also a member of the Council of State .
His childhood name was Shiro .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and in the following year , he was appointed as a member of the House of Representatives , and in the following year , he was appointed as a member of the House of Representatives .
He was the first son of Masayoshi , who was the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was appointed as the head of the family in December of the same year , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was born as the second son of Masayoshi INABA , who was the head of the family , and was appointed as the head of the family in the same year .
He was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was born as the second son of the Emperor Gomizunoo , but in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was a member of the House of Peers , and he was a member of the House of Representatives .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed the head of the family .
In the following year , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State , and in the following year , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State .
He was appointed as the head of the family in the following year , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
It is said that , in the end of the year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
In the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family , but he died in the following year .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was appointed as the head of the army in the following year , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
On the other hand , he was appointed as Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and on the other hand , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was a member of the Council of State and was appointed to the post of the governor of Kyoto in the following year , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and in the following year , he was appointed to the post of Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was appointed to the post of the head of the family by the order of Emperor Gomizunoo .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was appointed as the head of the army of the Imperial Court in December of the same year .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was also a member of the House of Representatives , and he was also a member of the House of Representatives and was also a member of the House of Representatives .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was appointed to the post of the governor of the Province of Kozuke Province in the following year , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives , but he was killed by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the army of the Imperial Court , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the army .
After the war , he was appointed as a member of the House of Representatives , and in the following year , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State , and in the following year , he was appointed as a member of the Imperial Court .
In the following year , he was appointed as the head of the clan , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the army of the Imperial Court , and in the following year , he was appointed the head of the army .
The reason why the army of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was that the army of the Satsuma army was defeated by the army of the Satsuma army .
He was a member of the House of Peers , but he died in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi on January 1 , 1868 .
After the death of the Emperor , he was appointed as the head of the family , and he was appointed as the head of the army of the Imperial Court .
After the death of his father , he was appointed as the head of the family , and he was appointed as the head of the family .
On the other hand , he was appointed to the post of Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He was appointed to the post of Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) in the following year , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
The reason for this is that he was in charge of the administration of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He was a member of the House of Representatives and a member of the House of Representatives , but in the following year , he was appointed as a member of the House of Representatives , and in the following year , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and in the same year , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State , and in the same year , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State .
The reason why he was in charge of the construction of the capital was that he was in charge of the construction of the Imperial Palace .
On the other hand , in the following year , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State , and in the same year , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was appointed as the head of the Imperial Court in the following year .
On the other hand , in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was a member of the Council of State , and in the same year , he was appointed to the post of the governor of Echizen Province , and in the same year , he was appointed to the post of the Chief of the Imperial Police .
After the Battle of Toba-Fushimi in 1868 , he was appointed as the head of the clan , and he was appointed as the head of the clan .
After the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , he was appointed to the post of the head of the family , but he was killed by the army of the Imperial Court on the same day .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was in charge of the construction of the Imperial Palace in the following year , and he was in charge of the construction of the Imperial Palace .
He was a member of the Council of Five Elders , but he was killed in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi in the following year .
In the same year , he was appointed to the post of the governor of Echizen Province , and in the same year , he was appointed to the post of the head of the temple .
He was the second son of Masayoshi INABA , who was the head of the family , and was the head of the family .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was in charge of the construction of the Imperial Palace in the following year , and in the same year , he was appointed to the post of the governor of Satsuma Province .
In the same year , he was appointed to the post of the governor of Echizen Province , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives .
He was a member of the Tokugawa family , and he was a member of the House of Representatives .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was appointed to the post of Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) .
The Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun )
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives .
Saburo SAWAMURA
Kichiemon KAWARASAKI
Nobuyasu MATSUDAIRA , the lord of the domain
In the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the army .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was also a member of the Council of State .
In the same year , he moved to Tokyo and became a member of the Imperial family .
He became a member of the Imperial Household Agency in the following year , and in the same year , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State .
He was a member of the House of Peers and was appointed as the head of the family in the following year , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
In the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He died in the following year .
He died at the age of 23 .
Date according to old lunar calendar , the year of the year of the first year of the year of the year ( old calendar ) is the same as the old calendar .
1849 : He was born .
On the other hand , he was appointed as the head of the family , and on the other hand , he succeeded to the throne .
He was appointed to the post of Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) in December , 1868 .
He was given the rank of Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) , and was appointed to the post of Kurodo no to ( Head Chamberlain ) in December of the same year .
He was born in the same year as his second son , Tsunako ICHIJO .
He was appointed to Sangi ( councilor ) in the same year .
In the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He became a member of the Council of State in December of the same year , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He became a member of the House of Representatives in December of the same year .
1862 : He was born .
He succeeded to the position of head of the family .
He was appointed as Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) in the same year .
He was appointed to Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) in December of the same year .
He became a member of the Council of State in December , 1863 .
1864 : He was killed in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
He was appointed to the post of Sahyoe no jo ( third-ranked officer of the Left Division of Middle Palace Guards ) on December 23 , 1223 .
He was appointed to the post of Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) in December , and in the same year , he was appointed to the post of Sahyoe no kami ( Captain of the Left Palace Guards ) .
He was appointed to the post of Chief of the Imperial Guard of the Left and Right Divisions of the Left and Right Divisions of the Left and Right Divisions .
He was a member of the House of Peers , but he was killed in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
In 1866 , he was assassinated in the following year .
He was appointed as the head of the Council of State in December of the same year .
He was the seventh head of the family , and he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was appointed to Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) in December of the same year .
He was appointed as Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) in the same year .
In 1867 , he was assassinated .
He was appointed to Naidaijin ( Minister of the Center ) in December of the same year .
Retained his position as Ukone no daisho .
He was appointed to seii taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) in August of the same year .
He was appointed to the post of Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) in December , 1212 .
He was appointed to the post in December , 1868 .
He was appointed to the post of the governor of the domain in December of the same year .
He was promoted to Jushiinoge ( Junior Fourth Rank , Lower Grade ) in December , 1823 .
He was promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) in December of the same year .
He was promoted to Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) in December , 1823 .
He became a member of the Tokyo Metropolitan High School in April , 1897 .
He was appointed as a member of the Council of State in December of the same year , and in the same year , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State .
He was appointed as a member of the House of Peers in December , 1888 .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and was appointed as the head of the family by the order of the Emperor .
In June of the same year , he became a member of the House of Peers .
In 1908 , he became a member of the Imperial Household .
He was appointed as a member of the House of Peers in December , and he was appointed as a member of the House of Peers .
He was appointed to the post of sangi ( a councilor of the left ) in December of the same year .
He died at the age of 23 in April .
He received the Order of the Rising Sun with the Order of the Rising Sun .
He was a member of the House of Representatives and was a member of the House of Representatives .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the Council of State .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was a member of the House of Peers , and he was also a member of the Council of State .
It is said that he was in charge of the affairs of the Imperial Palace , and he was in charge of the affairs of the Imperial Court .
He was the first person who was in charge of the construction of the Imperial Palace in Japan , and he was the first person who was in charge of the construction of the Imperial Palace in Japan .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was also a member of the Council of State .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was appointed as a member of the Council of State by the order of the Emperor , but he died in the following year .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives , but he died in the following year .
It is said that when he was on the way back to the capital , he was on the way back to the capital .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the Council of State .
It is also said that , in order to make it possible to make it possible to make it possible to make it possible for them .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was appointed as the head of the family by the order of the Emperor .
After the death of his father , he was appointed as a member of the House of Representatives , and he was appointed as a member of the Council of State .
He was a member of the House of Peers , but he died young at the age of 23 .
After the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , he was appointed as the head of the family , but he was defeated by the army of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was also a member of the Council of State , but he was forced to enter into the priesthood in the same year .
It is said that , in the end of the Edo period , he was appointed to the post of the head of the clan , and in the end , he was appointed to the post of the head of the clan , and in the end , he was appointed to the post of the head of the clan .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was a member of the House of Peers , and he was also a member of the House of Representatives .
It is said that , in the end of the Edo period , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was a member of the House of Peers .
He was a member of the Council of State , and in the following year , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State , and in the following year , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State .
" The Tale of Genji , " which is said to have been written in the same way as that of " The Tale of Genji . "
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the Council of State .
He was a member of the Council of State , and in addition , he was a member of the House of Representatives , and in the following year , he was appointed to the post of the Governor of Echigo Province .
It is said that he was in charge of the construction of the Imperial Palace in the following year , and in the following year , he was appointed as the first head of the family .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was appointed as a member of the Council of State in December of the same year .
The temple is located in the vicinity of the temple , and the temple is located in the vicinity of the temple , and the temple is located in the vicinity of the temple .
It is said that he was in charge of the construction of the Imperial Palace at the time of his death , and he was in charge of the construction of the Imperial Palace .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was in charge of the affairs of the Imperial Court , and in the following year , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and in the following year , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State , and in the same year , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State .
He was a son of Masashige KUSUNOKI , who was a member of the House of Peers , and was also a member of the House of Peers .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and in addition , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State in the following year , and in the same year , he was appointed as a member of the House of Representatives .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives .
In addition to the above , there were some people who were in charge of the operation of the new year , and the new year of the new year , the new year , and the new year , the new year .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives , but he died in the following year .
He was a son of Masayoshi INABA , who was a feudal retainer of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He was born as the second son of the Emperor Gomomozono , and in December of the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was born as the second son of the Emperor Gomomozono , and his mother was the daughter of the Emperor Gomomozono .
He was born in the same year as his second son , and his second wife was a daughter of the Emperor Gomomozono .
He was the second son of the Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Sadanaru , who was the head of the family , and was the head of the family , but in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was a son of Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Sadanaru , who was a son of Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Sadanaru .
He was born as the second son of the Emperor Gomomozono , and his mother was the daughter of Nobuko TSUCHIMIKADO , who was the head of the family .
He was born as the second son of Masayoshi INABA , who was the head of the family , and died in the following year .
He was born as the seventh son of the Emperor Meiji in December of the same year .
He died at the age of 23 , and his wife was a daughter of Nobuko TSUCHIMIKADO .
He was born in the same year as his second son , Nobuko TSUCHIMIKADO , who was a member of the House of Peers .
He was born as the second son of Masayoshi MATSUKATA , who was a member of the House of Representatives , on April 1 , 1931 .
He was born on April 23 , 1823 , and his second son , Tomomi IWAKURA was born .
He died at the age of 23 , and his wife was a daughter of Michiko TSUCHIMIKADO .
Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Sadanaru ( later Emperor Showa ) , who was the second consort of the Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Sadanaru , died in December , 1917 .
He was the second son of Masayoshi KOGA , who was a member of the Imperial family in the end of the Edo period .
He died at the age of 23 , and his wife was the second daughter of Nobuko TSUCHIMIKADO .
He was born in the same year as his second son , Michitoshi KOGA , and his second son , Michitoshi KOGA .
He died at the age of 27 , and his wife was a daughter of Toshiaki HIJIKATA .
He died at the age of 27 on April 3 , 1823 .
He died at the age of 27 .
He was born as the second son of the 12th family head of the Tokugawa shogunate , Nobuko ( born in December , 1929 ) , and died in the same year .
He died at the age of 23 , and he was a member of the Imperial Household Ministry .
He died at the age of 23 , and his wife was a daughter of Michitoshi TSUCHIMIKADO .
He died at the age of 23 , at the age of 23 .
He died at the age of 23 , and his wife was a daughter of Nobuko MATSUDAIRA , a feudal retainer of the Satsuma Domain .
Mother : Mother : Mother : Mother : Matsu ( Mother : Mother : Mother : Mother : Mother : Mother : Mother : Mother : Mother : Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. , Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. , Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr.
He was born in the same year as his second son , Nobuko , and his second daughter , Nobuko , died at the age of 23 .
He died at the age of 23 .
He died at the age of 27 on April 1 , 1820 .
He was the seventh son of Nobukatsu ODA , who was the head of the family in the end of the Edo period .
He died at the age of 38 .
He was the second son of Toshizo HIJIKATA , who was the lord of the domain .
Background
He was the first shogun of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
" Sayings of Sayings of Sayings " ( Sayings of Sayings )
Broadcasting Corporation
" The Tale of Flowers " was established in the same year .
Personal Profile
" The Tale of Genji " and " The Tale of Flowers " were created in the same year .
" Scenic Beauty " and " Scenic Beauty " ( Scenic Beauty )
" Scenic Beauty " ( Scenic Beauty , Scenic Beauty , Scenic Beauty )
" Kan no Kan " ( The Tales of Times Now Past ) and " Kan no Kan " ( The Times Now Past )
In the first half of the year of his death , he was appointed as a member of the Japan Broadcasting Corporation .
" Scenic Beauty " and " Scenic Beauty " ( Scenic Beauty )
He was a member of the Japan Broadcasting Corporation and a member of the Japan Broadcasting Corporation , but he died in the following year .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and in the following year , he died at the age of 23 .
Broadcasting Corporation : Broadcasting Corporation
" The Tale of Genji " and " The Tale of Flowers "
" Scenic Beauty " ( Scenic Beauty , Scenic Beauty )
" The Tale of Genji " and " The Tale of Genji "
" Scenic Beauty " ( Scenic Beauty , Scenic Beauty )
He was a member of the House of Representatives and a member of the House of Representatives .
" Scenic Beauty " ( Scenic Beauty ) and " Scene " ( Scenic Beauty )
" The Tale of Genji " and " The Tale of Flowers "
" The Tale of Genji "
" Kan no Kan " ( The Teaching of the Teaching of Teaching )
The first appearance of the book was that of the first half of the year of the year , and the second half of the year of the year , the first half of the year of the year , the first half of the year of the year , the first half of the year .
Brief Personal History
The station is located in the northwestern part of Kyoto Prefecture , and is located in the northwest of the station .
The station is located in the vicinity of the city , and is located in the vicinity of the city .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The station is located in the northwest direction of Kyoto Prefecture , and it has a connection with the main line .
It is said that , in the morning of the first year of the first year of the year , there is a description that the word " mask " is used to refer to " mask " and " mask " ( mask ) .
West Japan Railway Company ( JR West )
The section between Nagao and Nagao ( between Nagao and Nagao )
Track gauge : 120 mm
Number of stations : Bound for Demachiyanagi Station
The section between Shin-Tanbabashi Station and Shin-Tanbabashi Station
Double-track section : Double-track section
Double-track section : Double-track section
Structure : Structure of Structure
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , Co . , Ltd .
The section between Nagao and Nagao ( the section between Nagao and Nagao ) is the same as the section between Nagao and Nagao .
The station is located in the northern part of Kyoto Prefecture , and the station is located in the northern part of the station .
The name of the station is derived from the fact that the name of the station is derived from the fact that the station is located in the northern part of Kyoto Prefecture .
The station is located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto , and it is said that the station was built in the same manner as that of the first half of the year and the second half of the year .
The station is located in the vicinity of the Kintetsu Kyoto Line , and the station is located in the vicinity of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The station is located in the vicinity of the Kintetsu Kyoto Line , and the station is located in the vicinity of the station .
The name of the station is derived from the fact that the name of the station is derived from the fact that the name of the station is derived from the fact that the station is located in the vicinity of the station .
The station is located in the vicinity of the Kintetsu Kyoto Line , and the station is located in the vicinity of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
In addition to the above , the number of the trains that were operated by the Imperial Court was increased , and the number of passengers who were in charge of the operation of the station was increased to four times .
The station is located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto Prefecture , and is located in the vicinity of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station , and is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located in the vicinity of the station , and the station is located in the vicinity of the station .
Ekiben ( Ekiben ) , Ekiben ( Ekiben ) , Ekiben ( Ekiben ) , Ekiben ( Ekiben ) and Ekiben ( Ekiben )
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The name of the station is derived from the fact that the name of the station is derived from the fact that the station is located in the vicinity of the station .
In addition to the above , the number of people in the city is increasing in the number of people in the city , and the number of people in the city is small .
The station is located on the west side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The number of passengers in this section is about 150 , and the number of passengers in this section is about 150 .
It is said that the number of passengers in charge of the operation of the Kyoto City Trams in the morning of the year and the number of passengers in the evening is about 30 .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The station is located in the vicinity of the station , and the shrine is located in the vicinity of the station .
History
March 1 , 1997 : The station was inaugurated .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
During the morning rush hour , the train is operated in the morning and evening .
The station is located in the vicinity of the station , and the station is located in the vicinity of the station .
The number of the trains in the morning and evening are the same as those in the morning and evening , and the number of the trains in the evening is the same as those in the evening .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station , and the station is on the west side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
On the other hand , there is a large number of people in the middle of the night .
On the other hand , there is a theory that the number of passengers who were in charge of the operation of the train was reduced to twenty-five minutes .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The name of the station is derived from the fact that the name of the station is derived from the fact that the station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located in the vicinity of Kyoto Station , and the station is located in the vicinity of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The number of the trains that are operated in the morning and evening are as follows :
From the end of the year to the early morning of the day of the first day of the year , there is an opinion that the number of the trains on the side of the station is the same as that of the main line .
On the other hand , there is a theory that the number of the trains on the left and right sides of the station was changed to the one between the two lines .
The station is on the other hand , and the station is on the other side of the station .
From the beginning of the year to the early morning of the year of the first year of the first year of the year of the year , there is a description that the name of the station was derived from the fact that the name of the station was derived from the fact that the station was located in the northern part of the station .
It is said that in the morning of the first day of the year of the first year of the first year of the first year of the year , the name of the station was changed to the one in which the name of the station was used .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The station is located in the vicinity of the station , and the station is located in the direction of the train .
On the other hand , there is a description that the number of passengers who were in charge of the construction of the station was reduced to 20 , and the number of passengers who were in charge of the construction of the station was reduced to 30 .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The station is on the other hand , and the station is on the other side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The station is located in the vicinity of the station .
West Japan Railway Company ( JR West )
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The number of the trains that are operated by the Imperial Court in the early morning and late at night are as follows :
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is on the west side of the station .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 103
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located in the vicinity of the Kintetsu Kyoto Line , and the station is located in the vicinity of the station .
The section between Kyoto Station and Shin-Tanabe Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) was changed to the section between Shin-Tanabe and Shin-Tanabe .
Tofukuji Station was opened .
The section between Shin-Osaka Station and Shin-Tanabe Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) was electrified , and the section between Shin-Tanabe Station and Shin-Tanabe Station was electrified .
Fushimi-Momoyama Station was established .
The station is located in the vicinity of Kyoto Station .
The section between Shin-Tanabe Station and Shin-Tanabe Station was electrified , and the section between Shin-Tanabe Station and Shin-Tanabe Station was electrified .
Momoyama Station opened .
The section between Shin-Tanabe Station and Shin-Tanabe Station was electrified .
Uzumasa Station - Uzumasa Station - Uzumasa Station
The section between Nagao and Nagao was electrified , and the section between Nagao and Nagao was changed to the section between Nagao and Nagao .
The section between Kizu Station and Kizu Station was electrified .
The section between Shin-Tanbabashi Station and Shin-Tanbabashi Station was electrified .
October 1 : The station was inaugurated by the Nara Electric Railway .
The station was inaugurated as a station of Kyoto Prefecture on March 1 , 1959 .
July 1 , 1993 : The station opened .
Structure : Structure : Structure : Structure : Structure
Nara Railway Company ( JR West )
Kansai Railway Company ( JR West ) was nationalized on March 1 , 1971 .
April 1 , 1931 : The station became a station of the Kyoto Municipal Subway .
The station is located in the vicinity of the Kyoto Municipal Subway Tozai Line , and the station is located in the vicinity of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The section between Kyoto Station and Shin-Tanbabashi Station was established on March 1 , 2002 .
Uzumasa Station , located in Uzumasa , Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , was established .
October 1 , 1981 : The station was abolished .
Opening of the line between Shijonawate Station and Shijonawate Station
The section between Shin-Tanbabashi Station and Shin-Tanbabashi Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) was electrified .
The section between Shin-Tanbaguchi Station and Shin-Tanbaguchi Station was electrified .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The section between Shin-Tanbaguchi Station and Shin-Tanbaguchi Station was electrified .
Uzumasa Station , located in Uzumasa , Uzumasa , Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , was completed in December .
The station opened on March 1 , 1959 , and the station opened .
Uzumasa Station , located in Uzumasa , Uzumasa , Uji City , was abolished on March 1 , 2006 .
The station was built in the early Showa period , and the station became a terminal station of the Kyoto Municipal Subway .
Fushimi-Momoyama Station was abolished .
From April 1 to March 1 , 2006 , the number of passengers per hour was increased .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The station opened on March 1 , 1971 .
March 1 , 1959 : The station became a station of Keifuku Electric Railroad .
March 1 , 1959 : The station opened .
March 1 , 1968 : The station opened .
March 1 , 2006 : The station was upgraded to a single track .
The section between Kizu Station and Kizu Station was electrified .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 221
Nara Kotsu ( JR West ) - Kizu Station - Kizu Station - Kizu Station
April 1 , 1987 : The station became a station of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The station is located in the vicinity of the line of the Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
March 1 , 1997 : The station was upgraded to a special rapid train .
March 1 , 1991 : The station opened .
The station is located in the vicinity of the station , and the station is in the vicinity of the station .
March 1 , 1997 : The station was upgraded to a single track .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
March 1 , 1997 : The station opened .
March 1 , 1997 : The station became a station of the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
March 1 , 1997 : The station was upgraded to the Kyoto Municipal Subway Tozai Line .
Uzumasa-tenjingawa Station was opened .
The station is located on the JR Tozai Line , and the station is located on the other side of the train .
Tofukuji Station , Kizu Station , Kizu Station , and Kizu Station
Tofukuji Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) - Tofukuji Station - Tofukuji Station - Tofukuji Station
JNR / JR West ( JR West ) Series 181
The station is located in the vicinity of the station , and the station is located in the vicinity of the station .
The section between Nagao Station and Nagao Station was electrified .
April 1 , 2008 : The station became a station of the Keihanshin Local Line .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station , and is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
It is said that in the morning of the first day of the first year of the first year of the first year of the first year of the year , the following year :
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and is located on the north side of the station .
Tofukuji Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) - Tofukuji Station - Tofukuji Station - Tofukuji Station
The station is located on the north side of the station , and is located on the north side of the station .
The section between Shijonawate Station and Shijonawate Station
Towns of Towns in Towns , Towns , and Towns in Towns , Towns in Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , Towns , and Towns .
The station is located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto Prefecture .
The following is the case in which one of the three major barrier barrier barrier barriers and barrier barrier barrier are located .
It is located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto Prefecture , and it is said that the number of people living in the vicinity of the city is increased to the area of the city .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and is located on the north side of the station .
The reason for the construction of the city is that the number of people who were in charge of the construction of the city was increased , and the number of people who were in charge of the construction of the city was increased .
National Route 161 : The station is located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto and is located in the vicinity of the city .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The name of the station is derived from the fact that the name of the station is derived from the fact that the station is located on the north side of the station .
Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
Minamihama-cho , Minamihama-cho , Kyoto Prefecture
25.5 km
Biwako Line : Biwako Line
The number of toilets in the middle of the year is about 5.5 km .
March 30 , 1997 : The work was completed .
Shiga Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , Shiga Prefecture
National Route 1 : Biwako Line
National Route 161 : Bound for Kyoto Station
Towns of Towns and Towns of Towns Co . , Ltd .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the south side of the station .
In addition to the above , there is a theory that the station is located on the top of the platform , and the station is located on the side of the station .
The name of the school is derived from the fact that the name of the school is derived from the fact that it is located in the vicinity of the city .
Kyoto Prefectural Office of the Integrated Corporation
The station is located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto Prefecture , and is located on the north side of the station .
National Route 161 : The station is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located in the vicinity of the city , and the station is located in the vicinity of the city .
The station is located in the vicinity of the city of Japan , and the station is located in the vicinity of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
March 1 , 2006 : The station opened .
Number of days and holidays : 00
Towns of Towns and Towns of Towns and Towns
The station is located on the north side of the station , and is located on the north side of the station .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and in the following year , he was appointed as a member of the House of Representatives .
From the beginning of the year to the beginning of the year , there is a theory that the main line of the main line of the main line of the main line of the main line of the main line of the main line of the main line of the city is the same as that of the main line .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station , and is located on the north side of the station .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The reason for the transfer of the capital to the city is that the main line of the main line of the main line of the main line of the main line is that the main line of the main line of the main line of the station is the same as that of the main line .
In addition to the above , there is a theory that the number of people in the area of the city was about to be reduced , and the number of people in the city was changed to the number of people in the city .
The station is located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto , and it is also used for the first time in Japan .
The station is located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto , and is located in the vicinity of the station .
The station is located in the vicinity of the city of Kyoto Prefecture .
The station is located on the north side of the station , and the station is located on the north side of the station .
The reason for the construction of the station is that the number of people in the city is about the same as those in the past .
Yawata City , Kyoto Prefecture
Located in the northwestern part of Kyoto Prefecture , there is a description in the section on the north side of the station .
It is located on the north side of the station .
It is located on the left side of the left side of the left side of the left side of the left side .
Number of days and holidays : 00
3333,000-000-000-meter
Tango-gun ( Tango-gun , Tango-gun , Shiga Prefecture )
Tourist of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism
The Kyoto Prefectural Government Office ( the former Kyoto Prefectural Government )
The Kyoto Prefectural Government Office ( Kyoto Prefecture )
The temple is located in Nishikyo Ward , Kyoto City , and the temple is located in Nishikyo Ward , Kyoto City .
The temple is a branch temple of the Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , and the temple is located on the north side of the temple .
The name of the temple is derived from the fact that the temple was founded in the early Showa period .
The name of the temple is derived from the fact that the temple is located in the northern part of the city , and the temple is located in the northern part of the city .
The temple is located on the north side of the temple , and the temple is on the west side of the temple .
It is said that he was in charge of the construction of the temple at the time of his death , and in the following year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
It is said that the temple was located in the northwest of the city of Kyoto , and it was located in the northwest of the city of Kyoto .
The temple is located in the vicinity of the temple , and the temple is located in the vicinity of the temple , and the temple is located in the vicinity of the temple .
It is said that the temple was founded by the chief priest of the Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and the chief priest of the temple .
It is also said that , in the case of the former head of the school , the former chief priest of the temple , the former chief priest of the temple , and the latter of the former chief priest of the temple , the former chief priest of the temple .
Details of Details of Details
The temple is located in the vicinity of the main hall of the temple , and it is said that the temple was burnt down by fire during the period of the Northern and Southern Courts .
The temple is located in the vicinity of the main hall of the main hall of the temple , and it is said that the temple was built in the middle of the year .
The temple is located on the north side of the main hall of the main hall .
It is said that he was the first person in charge of the study of the Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
The temple is located in the vicinity of the city , and is located in the vicinity of the city .
The temple is located in the north of the temple , and the temple is located in the west of the temple .
National Treasure
Important Cultural Properties
Kyoto Municipal Subway Tozai Line ( Kyoto Municipal Subway )
Graduate School
Otani University
Kyoto University of Arts
Otani University of Osaka
Faculty of Letters
Nagoya University of Fine Arts
Nagoya University of Fine Arts
Kyoto University of Medicine
Otani University of Kyoto
It was established in the early Showa period , and it was ranked as the head of the school of Kyoto Imperial University .
It is also known as " Sango " ( literally , " three great kings " ) or " Sango " ( literally , " three kings " ) .
He was the first son of Masayoshi MATSUKATA , who was the head of the school .
He was appointed to the governor of Kyoto in the same year .
The name of the station was changed to the name of the station .
Faculty of Medicine , Faculty of Medicine , Science and Technology
The first half of the year of the Meiji period , the third year of the establishment of the school was established .
It was established in the following year : the first year of the Meiji period , and the second year of the establishment of the school was established .
Tokyo University of Foreign Languages
He became a member of the Kyoto Prefectural School of Fine Arts .
He was born in Tokyo Prefecture .
It was established in the same year as in the middle of the year , and in the middle of the year , the school was established .
He became a member of the House of Representatives in the same year , and in the same year , he was appointed as a member of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department .
Graduate School of Education
It is located in Kamigyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture .
Faculty of Medicine , Faculty of Medicine
He became a member of the House of Representatives in the following year .
Graduate School of Education was established in the same year .
Faculty of Science
In the same year , he became a member of the Kyoto Imperial University , and in the same year , he was appointed as a member of the Imperial Household Ministry .
Faculty of Letters , Faculty of Letters , Faculty of Letters , Faculty of Letters , Faculty of Letters , Faculty of Letters
He became a professor of the University of Tokyo in 1917 .
It was established in the same year as in the same year , and in the same year , in the same year , he was appointed as the governor of Kyoto Prefecture , and in the same year , he was appointed as the Minister of Education .
In the same year , he was appointed as a member of the House of Representatives , and in the following year , he was appointed as a member of the House of Representatives .
Faculty of Commerce and Commerce was established in April , 1952 .
Graduate School of Fine Arts and Economics
Faculty of Letters , Faculty of Letters , Faculty of Letters
Faculty of Letters
Faculty of Letters and Sciences
Relocation of the school system
It is said that he was a member of the Imperial Family , and he was a member of the Imperial Family .
It is said that the shrine was built in the middle of the year , and the shrine was dedicated to the god of the sea .
He was a member of the Imperial Family , and he was also a member of the Imperial Family .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) are the same as the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
It is also known as " Ame no Ame no Ame no Ame " or " Ame no Ame no Ame no Ame " .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it is said that he was the only person who was the head of the clan .
There is a theory that he was a child of the Emperor , and his mother was a daughter of the Emperor .
In addition to the above , there is a theory that the Emperor was in charge of the construction of the shrine , and in addition , he was in charge of the construction of the shrine , and in addition , he was appointed as the head of the family .
It is also said that he was a member of the Imperial Household Ministry , and he was a member of the Imperial Household Agency .
The name of the book is derived from the fact that the name of the book is derived from the fact that the word " mokkan " is used in the past .
It is also said that he was a child of the Emperor Suinin , and he was a member of the same clan .
Description of the mythology
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , the god of the sea was born from the sea , and the god of the sea was born in the sea .
He was born in the same family as his second son , and his second wife was born in the same year .
Izanagi no mikoto was born in the same place as Izanagi no mikoto .
Izanagi was born in the same place as Izanagi , who was a son of Izanagi , who was a member of the Imperial Court , and he was also called Izanagi no mikoto .
It is said that he was in charge of the construction of the shrine , and he was in charge of the construction of the shrine , and he was in charge of the construction of the shrine .
It is said that he was the only person who was in charge of the construction of the shrine , and he was the first son of the Emperor , and he was also a member of the clan .
He was born as the second son of the Emperor Suinin , and he was also enshrined as the god of water .
Amenouzume no mikoto
Amenouzume no mikoto
Smackerel
Ushioni ( salmon roe )
Smackerel
It is said that he was the only person who was in charge of the construction of the shrine , and that he was the only person who was in charge of the construction of the shrine .
In addition to the above , it is said that there was no one who was in charge of the construction of the shrine .
It is said that he was in charge of the construction of the shrine , and in addition , he was in charge of the construction of the shrine , and in addition , he was in charge of the construction of the shrine .
He was born in the same place as his son , MINAMOTO no Yoshikuni , and he was appointed to the post of the Governor of Izumo Province in the same year .
He was born as the first son of the Emperor Suinin , and he was appointed as the Governor of Izumo Province in the same year .
Original Text
In addition to the above , there is a theory that states that he was a child of the Emperor , and he was a member of the Imperial Family , and he was a member of the Council of State .
In addition to the above , there is a theory that the shrine is a shrine where the shrine is enshrined .
It is said that he was a member of the Imperial Household Agency , and he was a child of the Emperor Sujin .
In addition to the above , there is a theory that the shrine was originally a shrine where the god of the moon was enshrined , and the god of the moon was born .
In addition to the above , there is a theory that the Emperor was in charge of the construction of the shrine , and in addition to the fact that he was in charge of the construction of the shrine , he was a child of the Emperor .
It is said that he was the first person in charge of the study of Japanese classical literature , and in addition , he was the first person in charge of the construction of the shrine .
In addition to the above , there is a description that the shrine is located at the center of the shrine , and the shrine is located at the center of the shrine .
It is said that in the era of Emperor Sujin , there is a description that the number of people who lived in the area was about to be the same as the number of people in the area .
In addition to the above , there is a theory that states that he was a member of the same clan , and in the end , he was a member of the Council of State .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , there is a theory that the deity of the shrine is the same god as that of the god .
The following are the reasons :
In 645 , the Emperor was enthroned .
The shrine is said to have been founded by the Imperial Court during the period of the Northern and Southern Courts .
It is also known as ' Ame no Ame no Ame no Ame no Ame ' or ' Ame no Ame no Ame no Ame ' .
It is said that he was a member of the Imperial Family , and he was a child of ARIWARA no Narihira .
The name of the shrine is derived from the fact that the shrine is located at the foot of Mt . Tsukuba , and the shrine is located in the northwest of the country .
He was the first son of MINAMOTO no Kuninao , who was the head of the clan , and he was also a member of the Imperial Family .
He was a son of Emperor Sujin , and his mother was a daughter of Emperor Sujin .
In the Jinshin War in 672 , he became a member of the Imperial army .
It is also said that he was a child of the Emperor , and his mother was a daughter of the Emperor .
In addition to the above , there is a theory that the god of the sea is the god of the sea , and the god of the sea is the god of the sea .
The shrine is enshrined in the Engishiki ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) .
He was the son of Emperor Sujin , and he was also a member of the Imperial Family .
It is a deity of the god .
He was born as the first son of Emperor Suinin , and he was appointed as a member of the Imperial Household Agency .
In addition to the above , there is a theory that he was a child of Emperor Sujin , who was a descendant of Emperor Sujin .
In addition to the above , there is a description in the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) that says that he was a child of the Emperor .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and in the following year , he was appointed as a member of the House of Representatives .
It is said that he was in charge of the construction of the shrine , and in addition , he was in charge of the construction of the shrine , and in addition , he was in charge of the construction of the shrine .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was a member of the Council of State and was also a member of the Council of State .
In addition to the above , there is a theory that he was a member of the House of Peers , and he was a member of the House of Peers , and he was a member of the Council of State .
After the death of the Emperor , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in addition , he was appointed as the head of the family .
It is said that the reason for the establishment of the system of the nation was that the system of the nation was established by the people of the time , and it was the same as that of the fact that the government was established by the people of the country .
Religious Shinto shrines
It is said that he was a member of the Imperial Household Ministry , and he was a member of the Imperial Family .
It is said that he was the only person who was in charge of the construction of the shrine , and he was the only person who was in charge of the construction of the shrine .
It is said that he was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives .
The temple is located at the foot of Mt . Koya , and the temple is located in the middle of the year .
It is said that he was the first person who lived in the world in Japan , and that he was the first person in the world .
It is also said that he was the only person who was the head of the family , and he was the first person in charge of the affairs of the nation .
The enshrined deity of the shrine is Amatsuhiko-jinja Shrine .
The shrine is located in the vicinity of the main shrine of the shrine , and the shrine is located in the vicinity of the shrine .
It is said that he was a member of the Imperial Family , and he was a member of the Imperial Household Agency .
In addition to the above , there is a large number of shrines that are enshrined in the Imperial Household Agency in the precincts of the shrine .
He was a member of the Council of State , and he was also a master of Japanese classical literature .
It is said that he was the only person who was the head of the family .
The name of the place is derived from the fact that the name of the place is derived from the fact that the name of the place is derived from the fact that the name of the place .
He was a member of the same clan , and he was also a member of the Council of State .
The reason for this is that he was a member of the House of Peers , and he was a member of the House of Peers .
The Muromachi bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and the Muromachi bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) were divided into two groups .
During the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in addition , he was appointed as the head of the family .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was established in the following year :
He was a member of the Council of Five Elders , and he was a member of the Council of State .
In addition to the above , there is a theory that a person who was a retainer of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was appointed as a member of the Council of State .
For example , in the Edo period , there is a description in the following description :
For example , in the case of the lord of the domain , the lord of the domain , and the lord of the domain .
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Edo period
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was appointed as the head of the family in the early Edo period .
He was a member of the House of Peers and a member of the House of Peers , but in the same year , he was appointed to the post of Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) .
He was the second son of Masayoshi INABA , who was the head of the family , and was the head of the family , but in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the family .
He was born as the second son of Masashige KUSUNOKI , who was the lord of the domain , and in the same year , he was appointed to the post of the governor of Echizen Province .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was appointed as the head of the family by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and he was also a member of the House of Peers , and he was a member of the House of Peers .
He was appointed as the head of the clan , and in the same year , he was appointed as the head of the clan .
He was a retainer of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and in the end of the Edo period , he was appointed as the head of the family .
It is said that he was in charge of the administration of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was in charge of the reconciliation of his life , and he was in charge of reconciliation with the government .
He was a member of the House of the Fujiwara clan , and he was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives and a member of the House of Representatives .
In addition to the above , there was a big difference between the two groups : the lord of the domain , the lord of the domain , the lord of the domain , and the lord of the domain , and the lord of the domain .
The following is the case in which a person who is in charge is in charge of the tea ceremony .
In addition to the above , there was a large number of people who were in charge of the construction of the castle , and in the case of the lord of the domain , the lord of the domain , and the lord of the domain .
In addition to the above , there was a strong difference between the two groups and the one in which the one in which the person in charge of the land was given to the lord of the domain .
He was a member of the House of Representatives , and he was a member of the House of Representatives .
He was a member of the Ashikaga clan , and he was also a member of the family of the Ashikaga clan .
He was a member of the Council of State and was appointed as the head of the clan in the following year .
In addition to the above , there was a large number of people who were in charge of guarding the capital for the first time in Japan , and they were in charge of the construction of the castle .
He was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
He was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the early Edo period .
He was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) of the Yanagiwa-jo Castle .
It is said that the residence was located in the vicinity of the residence of the lord of the domain , and it was located in the vicinity of the city .
He was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) of the same domain .
He was a retainer of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was a member of the Council of State .
He was also a member of the House of Representatives , and he was also a member of the House of Representatives .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , which had been in charge of the construction of the castle , was established in the following year .
He was a feudal retainer of the Satsuma Domain .
In addition to the above , there was a large number of people who were in charge of the administration of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He was also a vassal of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was appointed as a member of the Council of State .
He was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and was also a master of the tea ceremony .
He was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The reason for this is that , in the case of the lord of the domain , the lord of the domain , the lord of the domain , and the lord of the domain , the lord of the domain .
It is said that , in the case of a young man , he was given the title of a small amount of rice , and in the case of a small number of people .
It is said that he was a member of the same clan .
It is said that he was a person who was in charge of the tea ceremony , and he was a master of the tea ceremony .
The reason why he was in charge of the business was that he was in charge of the tea ceremony .
He was a master of tea ceremony .
In addition to the above , it is said that he was in charge of the tea ceremony , and in addition , he was in charge of the tea ceremony , and in addition , he was in charge of the tea ceremony .
It is a type of Japanese cylindrical pattern .
In addition to the above , there is a description that ' the first half of the year of the year is the same as the first half of the year , and the second half of the year is the same as the first half of the year . '
In addition to the above , it is said that the term " mokkan " was used to mean " mokkan " ( mokkan ) and " mokkan " ( mokkan ) .
It is also said that the first half of the year of the year was the same as the first half of the year , and the second half of the year of the year was the same as the first half of the year .
In the early Edo period , the name of the school was derived from the fact that the name of the school was derived from the fact that the name of the school was derived from the fact that the name of the school was derived from the original .
Shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) in the Sengoku period ( period of warring states )
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and hatamoto ( direct retainers of the bakufu )
Domains of the domain
The lord of the domain and the lord of the domain
