The Structure
Dogen was a Zen priest in the early Kamakura period .
He was the founder of the Soto sect .
He was also called Rogen in his later years .
He was called the Takao ( the highest rank ) and was called the Takaoka .
His posthumous name was Hoken Kokushi , the master of the Buddhist temple , and the priest of the Sho-Daishi ( the priest of the Buddhist priesthood ) .
He was generally called Dogen Zenji .
It is said that the custom of eating and meal was made in Japan , and the custom of eating meals and the manners .
Some say that the first Souchik ( Memorial ) was brought back to the first .
There are many theories about the birth of Dogen , but there are various theories about the direct line of the direct descendant of Michichika TSUCHIMIKADO , Naidaijin ( Minister of the Center ) , and the direct descendant of Michichika TSUCHIMIKADO ( MINAMOTO no Michichika ) .
The theory is that the family was born as a son of FUJIWARA no Ishi , a daughter of FUJIWARA no Ishi , the daughter of the Grand Minister of State , Motofusa MATSUDONO ( FUJIWARA no Motofusa ) , who was a daughter of the Matsudono Palace in Kyoto , Kyoto , but it is widely accepted that the theory is that the child of Michitoshi HORIKAWA , a biological child of Michitoshi HORIKAWA , who was a biological child of the grand minister of the state , was a biological child of the first son .
Also , there is a theory that the child of Michichika was the son of Michichika , MINAMOTO no Michimitsu , and the father of Michikazu KOGA .
According to " Kenchoki " ( a record of the book ) , he was three years old , and his mother was the younger brother of his father ( Michichika ) and was adopted by Michitoshi HORIKAWA , who was the younger paternal half-brother .
According to one theory , the story is said that the family was adopted by the family of the Dogen family , who was a maternal uncle of the mother of the family , and the family was adopted by Dogen , who was a maternal uncle of the family , but he was not satisfied with the fact that Dogen had been unable to have a good sense .
There is a theory that the founder Shinran , the founder of Jodo Shinshu sect , was a relative of the maternal relative of the Imperial family .
There is a theory that the volume of ' Iken ' in " Shoho Zogan " ( The Practice of the Life of the Life ) written by Shinran was written by Shinran .
In 1213 , he visited his uncle , Yoshiaki , who was a maternal uncle of Mt . Hiei .
In 1214 , he became a priest , and called himself Dogen Dogen , the head priest of the Tendai sect .
In 1215 , he studied Tendai Sect under the name of Kinetane of Onjo-ji Temple .
In 1217 , he studied under Zenyo , a disciple of Saiyo , who was a disciple of Saiin .
In 1223 , he went to the Southern Sung Dynasty and was granted an instruction from Jojo of the Soto sect and received an instruction from Jojo of the Soto sect .
He returned to Japan in 1228 .
In 1233 , he opened Kosho-ji Temple in Kyoto .
Around this time , he was suppressed by Mt . Hiei .
In July 1243 , he moved to Echizen Province , and moved to Echizen Province in Echizen Province .
On the way , the invitation of Nobutsuna SASAKI , the lord of the Kutsuki Village , was invited by the lord of Kutsuki Village , and in the way of the invitation of Nobutsuna SASAKI ( the origin of Kosho-ji Temple ) .
In 1244 , he opened Daibutsu-ji Temple .
In 1246 , he changed his name to Daibutsu-ji Temple and changed his name to Gensho .
Around this time , he went to Kamakura to make a good deal with Tokiyori HOJO , Yoshishige TANO and Yoshishige TANO .
The period of the religious period was a half years in Kamakura , but in the Kanto region , the first time of Zenko Kozaku was the first time .
In 1253 , he handed over the Eikyu-ji Temple to his disciple Ejo Ejo , who was a disciple of Eikyu-ji Temple , and died at the age of 54 ( in the present Nishinotoin , Nishigotoin , Kyoto City ) , and at the age of 54 .
The cause of the death is considered to be a tool .
The Buddha was not completed by the same time as Buddha , but it was not only a good practice for Buddha , and it was the main nature of Buddha , and the highest training of the Buddha was the main nature of the Buddha , and the highest training of the Buddha was the best practice of Zen .
Many of the Buddhist priests of Kamakura Buddhism are based on the Taoist ideology , but the book is not completely uncertain .
The temple is a way to make a Buddhist statue ( or the same ) , and a while in a while .
There are only one Kyodo ( Kyodo ) .
It is a yorishiro ( a person who has a good fortune ) and is not to be .
It is not necessarily that the world is not necessarily .
There are some people who are not good at the time , and there are some people who are in the lower grade .
It is a kind of Buddhist law , and the way of all things , and the sale of the land is to be used .
The people of the Buddha 's Buddhist law are the origin of the Buddhist law .
He was not a good person to do so , and he was not only a disciple of the Buddha 's disciples , and he denied the law of the Mappo ( the highest rank of Buddhist priests ) , but he denied the law of the Suho sect .
" Shoho Zogzo "
" Shoho Zokenzo " ( The Painting of the Law of Shoho ) , " Shoho Zokeon " ( The Painting of the Present of the Present ) , " Nihon Bungaku Bungaku Taikei " ( The Japanese Classic Literature of the Present ) , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1965 , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1965 )
" Modern translation of the modern translation " ( 1 ) ( 1 ) ( by Kazuo NISHISHIMA , the name of the Kanazawa Bunko , 1970 )
" Shoho Zokzo ( 1 ) " ( 1 ) ( the name of Mizuno , Yatsuo MIZUNO , 1990 , 1990 )
" Shoho Zokzo " ( written by Kunio ISHII , published by Kyokai ISHII , 2004 )
" Eikahiroku " ( written by Kunio ISHII , a book of " Koyo Koroku , " published by Shobo ISHII )
" Eikpei Seiki "
" Tenza Kyokubun "
" Tenza Kyotokanokanpu " ( Painting of Painting of the Painting of the Present ) ( Phactics , Painting , Painting , Painting , 1991 )
" Gabuguho rice . "
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( The Record of the Shoho Zheng ) - The lecture of Dogen 's lecture on Dogen .
" Shoho Zaikon " ( The New Codes of the Law of the Law ) ( " Shobogenzo " ( The Painting of the Present ) , the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of Mt . Hiei , 1958 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( The Record of the Shoho Zhu ) ( by Jo FURUTA , published by Kanden Bunko , 1960 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( The Record of the Shoho Zaikoki ( The Picture of the Present ) ( revised by Tetsuo WATSUJI ) , published by Iwanami bunko ( published in 1982 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( The Record of the Present of the Law ) ( translated by Yasuko MIZUNO , translated by Yasuko MIZUNO )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( translated by Ikeda ) ( translated by Ikeda Publishing , 1993 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( The Record of the Shoho Zhu ) ( Man.1 , Masayoshi YAMAZAKI , published by Seiichi YAMAZAKI , 2003 )
" Dogen Zenji Zenshu " ( The Collection of Dogen Zenji Zenshu ) , published by the Shunsha Publishing Co . , Ltd . , published by Shunsha Zankubu ( Painting of the Past of the Past )
reference
" Dogen Zenji no Taka " ( Iwanami bunko )
" Dogen " by Michio TAKEUCHI ( a member of the ' Dogen ' ) , 1962
" Dogen Zenji no Zenji " ( The Written of Dogen Dogen ) , " Dogen Zenji no Zenji "
" Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen ) , published by Shinjinosha , 1971
" Dogen Zazen no Jitsuji " ( The Sandals of Dogen ) , " Dogen Zazen no Jitsuji " ( The Sanden of Dogen ) , Kyoto Broadcasting Corporation
" Dogen Genjiten " ( The Progressive dictionary of Dogen ) , published by Kanuma SUGANUMA , published by Tokyo Publishing Co . , Ltd .
" Koza Dogen " ( The Picture of Dogen ) written by Motaka KASHIMA and Shiro YUKI , " Koza Dogen " ( The Picture of Painting ) , published by Yasushige KASHIMA and Shiro TamAMAKI
" Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen ) , Shunsha ( Spring Autumn )
The 18 , the following : " Dogen " and " Echizen no Shodo " ( The Dogen of Echizen ) , and the Newspaper Newspaper , the Newspaper Shinbun , and the Newspaper Newspaper .
Ryotaro SHIBA : ' Sozo of the mountains ' ( the same as the same as the same as the same as ' the Sozo of the mountain ) '
The " Seiko-ji Temple Unsui no Unsui " ( The Unsui of the Unsui of the Ryotaro ) , a book of the " Seiko-ji Temple , " ( the same as the same as the same as the ' Unsui of the Unsui of the Ryotei Temple ) '
The ' The portrait of Jakuen ' ( the portrait of Jakuen ) , a portrait of Ryotaro SHIBA ( the same as the same as the ' The Practice of Jakuen ) ' ( the same as the same as the same )
" Dogen Zenji " ( Dogen Zenji ) , " Dogen Zenshi " ( The Dogen Zenji ) , and 2007
Umekoji steam Locomotive Museum is a facility for the preservation facilities for the Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , which is located in Kanko-ji Teramachi , Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture .
On October 10 , 1972 , the Japanese National Railways was established in Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , and it was a Japanese facility that supported the Japanese Railway Company , and it was a facility for the first time in Japan , which was the first facility for the purpose of transportation transportation in Japan , and the first Japanese railway company was regarded as a national facility for preservation of the Japan Railway Company .
The JR West succeeded the JR West Japan in 1987 .
The facilities of this facility are located in the current site ( Umekoji Station ) , and the steam locomotive and the Sagano Scenic Railway , which are operated by the steam locomotive , and the construction of the Sagano Scenic Railway .
The reason why this facility was established , which was the beginning of the 1960s , was made to be preserved in the animal locomotive locomotive .
At first , the Kozan district , which was close to the capital area , was a candidate candidate for the preservation of the land , but the fact that the area was located in the center of the central area of the Japan , ' the central part of Japan ' was designated as a national treasure , and ' the former site of the center of Japan ' was officially selected as a national treasure .
The number of cars of the preservation of the preservation is to be selected as the most limited express ( 1 go ) , but the number of cars that have not been planned to be preserved at first , and the cars that have not been scheduled to be preserved at first .
The facilities are called " steam locomotives , " which are used for the Japanese bridges and the bridges of the former Umekoji Ward , and the former Nijo Station of the former Nijo Station is relocated to the former Nijo-ekime-sha Shrine .
The wooden type of the fan was built in 1914 , and the two types of electronic cutlet and the two lines were designated as important cultural properties in the country , and the national important cultural property was designated as an important cultural property on December 10 , 2004 .
In 2004 , he was selected for the Selection of Hoki Gakuin Preservation Co . , Ltd .
In 2006 , the construction of the railway commemorative building and a wooden rush , a type of steam locomotives , and the construction of the steam locomotive , and the construction of the steam locomotive , was designated as a commemorative commemorative commemorative commemorative .
The former Nijo-ekimae building was built in 1904 , and the oldest wooden statue of the Nihon Kodaiki-sha building built by the Kyoto Railway Company was built in 1904 , and it was built by the Kagan .
The Kyoto Railway was nationalized in 1907 , and after that , the national government was nationalized and the following was used as a station building of the Sanin Main Line ( Sagano Line ) , but the station building was relocated to the station building of the Sanin Main Line ( Sagano Line ) , and the building was relocated to the site of the main building , and the building was built as a building of the building , and the building was built as a museum and its building was built as a museum and the building was built as a museum .
In April 1996 , it was designated as a cultural property of Kyoto City .
In the form of a type of sixteen ryo ( six-17 cars ) , the sixteen ryo ( six-car ) of the Japanese rice production system produced from Taisho to Showa periods , and the number of sixteen cars ( 16 mon ) are exhibited .
At first , the preservation of the building was the principle of the preservation of the building , and the number of cars was operated by two ryo , including 553 and 51 , and the number of cars was provided with two cars , but the number of cars was made for seven cars , but the preservation of the preservation of the preservation was made in 2006 .
Among the five five five ryo , the five ryo of five five cars are still available , and two cars are served at the main line , such as the Yamaguchi Line , the ' Kita-ko ( train ) ' and the Hokuriku Main Line , ' Kita-ko ( train ) ' and the Hokuriku Main Line .
The number of the bus services are not available for the purpose of the preservation of the number of cars , but the trains are not allowed to be the main line .
Also , the train is operated by the disguise of the display of the display of the exhibition of the station , and the train is operated on the track .
The station was located in the north of the station , which was located in the north of the station , and the site was built on the north side of the former Nijo Station , which was built in the north of the former Nijo Station , and the current Umekoji Park was changed to the current Umenkoji Park .
Even today , the function of the business is also connected with the business business .
In addition , the improvement of the steam locomotive was also used for the construction of Takagori-factory in West Japan Railway Company .
Ubai
The origin of the word ' ume ' is derived from the word ' ume ' ( ume ) .
The total of the C62 No. 1 , which was designated as a national treasure , is designated as a commemorative book for the purpose of the commemorative commemorative service in 2006 , and the number of cars is designated as a commemorative service for the purpose of the construction of the railway .
The special article of the article is said to have been transferred from the Independent Institutions to the former school .
The number of the books was not available from the beginning of the AUmekoji .
JNR / 20 steam locomotive locomotive
1914 : The company was produced .
It was transferred from Hirosaki Undo Ward .
1979 : The number of cars ( Aburari Hozondo )
JNR / JR Dam Locomotive
In 1914 , he was built in Kawasaki Post Office .
The small barley is transferred from the Obararu .
1979 : The number of cars ( Aburari Hozondo )
In 1987 , it was preserved in the condition of the preservation of the preservation .
JNR / JR Steam Locomotive
1946 : The construction of Mt . Sozan Industry was produced .
It was transferred from the Kagoshima district .
In 1979 , the family was dissolved .
In 2002 , the temple was restored to the anniversary of the restoration of the temple .
JNR CelCard steam locomotive
In 1940 , the Kawasaki Short was made .
The station was transferred from the Wakamatsu Matsuamatsu Center for the Awakamatsu Room Center for the Awakamatsu Revelation Center .
In 1987 , he was dissolved .
JNR C51 steam locomotive
In 1927 , the company was manufactured .
In 1962 , the train was abolished in the Shinatsu Unyu Ward .
It was kept in the boom of the Niigata Railway School , and was restored by Umekoji Station , and was restored by the Umekoji Preparatory Center .
JNR Cample Card Card
In 1928 , the company was produced .
It was abolished in the Umekoji Ward Ward in 1950 .
It was preserved in 1961 by the National Museum of Fine Arts and the Museum of Science and Technology .
JNR C55 steam locomotive
In 1935 , Kawasaki Shako was made .
The station was transferred from the Geki-gawa River .
In 1979 , the family was dissolved .
JNR C56 steam locomotive ( a car ) , the operation of the train ( a train car )
1939 : Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
The Matsumoto Transport Co . , Ltd .
JNR C57 steam locomotive ( a car ) , the operation of the train ( a train car )
In 1937 , the Kawasaki Shark was made .
It was transferred from the Sakura Ward .
JNR C58 steam locomotive
In 1938 , the company was produced .
The station was transferred from the Kitami Station .
In 1987 , he was dissolved .
JNR CCC steam locomotive
1946 : The production of the Japan Solk Plant was produced .
The Nara Station was transferred from the Nara Station .
In 1979 , the family was dissolved .
JNR C61 steam locomotive : ( some people have been registered )
In 1948 , the Mitsubishi Industry was established .
It was transferred from Miyazaki Ward .
1979 : The number of cars ( Aburari Hozondo )
In 1987 , the registration was restored .
JNR C62 steam locomotive
In 1948 , the production of the production of the production was produced .
In 1967 , it was closed in the second district of Hiroshima .
1986 : The National Railways was designated as a National Railways School , and the National Railways Gakuen was designated as a national treasure .
In 1994 , the temple was relocated to Umekoji .
C62 2 : The C62 ( a car )
In 1948 , the production of the production of the production was produced .
It was transferred from Otaru Kubinori .
1979 : The number of cars ( Aburari Hozondo )
In 1987 , the registration was restored .
JNR Dam steam locomotive
The production of the production of Japan was produced in 1925 .
It was transferred from the Naokata district .
In 1979 , the family was dissolved .
JNR D51 steam locomotive
In 1936 , the Kawasaki Shark was made .
It was transferred from the Hamada Ward .
In 1987 , he was dissolved .
D51 200 : The Cades ( some buses are available )
1938 : The Ministry of Railway Company ( Japan Railway Company ) was established .
It was transferred from the Nakagawa Ward .
1979 : The number of cars ( Aburari Hozondo )
In 1987 , the registration was restored .
JNR / JR Dance Card Locomotive
1946 : The Mitsubishi Industry Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Goryokaku .
In 1979 , the family was dissolved .
JRR-W-20-10 ( Calligraphy ) : 10 ( 10 )
Picture : 6333933933
The painting of the painting of 50 : 50 : 00 to 50 : 00 of the Calligraphy of Umekoji Stam Locomotive , 540
The painting of the painting : 1 and 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 / 1
The painting of the painting of the painting : 511,000 ( SCam ) ( Sutigo )
Picture : 5345 cubic 545 cubic 45
The image of the image of the image of the image of the image of the image of the Picture No. 160 ( SL ) 160 ( SL )
Picture 608888888.0 JPPC
Picture R-621 - Camex C62 No. 1
JRR-W-622 C62 No. 2 , 662
JNR 10 , JNR
The car was a car , and two cars were two .
JNR / JR car
It is used as a room room .
The original form is a type of a house , but the tables of the house is placed on the back side and the outside of the house is located .
The tone is not used .
" Umekoji 90 " ( West Japan Railway Company , 2004 ) ISBN 477770705
" JNR / JR Tokaido Line II " ( Yasukasha , 1984 ) ISBN 4586553012-
Sake Seki ' ( Umekoji steam locomotive )
The first time of the company 's association , " Railway Film " ( magazine ) , December 1994 , and Umekoji steaming , and the current Eumakoji steaming .
In 1994 , the construction of Umekoji Park and the Creation No. 21 commemorating the commemorative service for preservation and preservation .
Takayama zo ( a book of worship ) : ' Umekoji , ' 1 , 1 , and 2
Sumitomo Company , 1998 , " Railway Filk " , January 1998 - February 41-442
Shomyo is one of the traditional Japanese traditional music .
It is a religious music that used to be used for Buddhist scriptures .
In Japan , it is also called Bobanbai ( Bonsana ) and Bonshutsu ( Bonshana ) .
The former character is written as the Chinese character .
It is one of the academic fields of ancient India .
The five kinds of maki refers to five kinds of learning , such as the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of Buddhism , the study of the study of the study of Buddhism , the study of the study of Buddhism ( the study of Buddhism ) , the Ming ( ethics ) , the Ming ( ethics ) , and the Ming ( ethics ) .
It was introduced to Japan with Buddhism and established .
It is recorded that the Buddhist memorial service held by the Great Buddha of Todai-ji Temple in 754 , and the Buddhist memorial service was held in the Nara period , and it is considered that shomyo was popular in the Nara period .
In the early Heian period , Kukai and Kukai had been handed down by the Buddhist scriptures and became the basis of the Tendai sect and Shingon Shomyo .
In the Tendai sect and the Shingon sect , there are various theories of each sect , and today , it is still inherited .
The music was not used for the koden ( a book of court music ) , which was not written in Kuden .
Therefore , Denju was difficult to be difficult .
Later , the term " Hakase " was invented .
There are different names of each school , such as hakase ( hakase ) .
However , the hakase is a reference to the fact that the hakase is a reference to the master , and if you can learn the shomyo , it is necessary to maintain the school 's school to the school , and the succession to the school 's school is not able to maintain the school 's school .
Therefore , the leaders and successor were required .
As a result , many schools disappeared .
The Tendai sect was introduced by Saicho , and its own developed .
After Saicho , Ennin and Annan were expelled .
The founder of the Yuzu Nenbutsu is known as the founder of Nakagoki .
In 1109 , Ryoo built a Raigo-in Temple ( Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City ) .
The temple 's name of Ohara was called ' Gyokin ' ( the name of a Buddhist temple ) of the Biru ( the Japanese Buddhist name ) , and it was called Uyama and the name of the name of the temple .
Later , the temple was known as a dojo ( training hall ) of the Ohara school of the Shoren-in Temple and the Shorinin Temple of the Shoren-in Temple .
Later , Jakuhara became a member of the school , and in Ohara , the two schools were the two schools .
Later , Muneyoshi was restored to the restoration of Ohara no Shomyo .
The school built a new music theory based on the theory of the new music .
After that , the central part of the Tendai sect was not inherited by the Tendai sect .
The Jodo sect , Jodo Sect , Jodo sect , Jodo Shinshu sect , Jodo Shinshu sect , and Jodo Shinshu sect .
The Shingon Shomyo is a foundation of Kukai , and now it is now now .
The name of the shomyo was later developed .
It is also said that the Kancho era was the founder of the Nakagoki .
He worked as a composition of Shomyo ( a book of Buddhist scriptures ) .
Many schools were divided into four schools , but the school was compiled by Imperial Prince Kakuho , the school of the school of the school , and the school of the school ( the school of the school of the Shino school , the Shino school , the school of the Daigo school , the Daigo school , the Nakagawa school , and the Nakagawa River ) .
The Shomyo of the Shingon sect was abolished and abolished in the Edo period .
The main school of the Soto school and the new Shino school were abolished until the middle of the Meiji period .
Today , it is divided into Chiyama ( Chizan ) ( Chishakuin , Kyoto ) , Toyoyama ( the Nara period ) , Toyokoyama ( the Nanzan school ) , Nanzan school ( Nanzenzan school ) , Nanzan Shinpo ( the Shingon sect of Shingon sect ) .
The name of Chizan Shomyo ( the name of the Buddhist priest ) and Toyokozan school ( Shingi Shingon sect ) , the Shingon sect , the Shingon sect , the Shingon sect , the Shingon sect , the Shingon sect , the school of the Nakagawa school originated from the Nakagawa school .
Yoriyuki was raised by the old school of Daigo .
In 1583 , when the Negoro-ji Temple ( Wakayama Prefecture ) was burned down by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , both of Chiyama and Toyokoyama were established by the old schools of Daigo , and the group of the school of the school was formed by the Daigo school .
It is a characteristic of the ' Ron , ' ' Ron , ' ' Ryo , ' and ' Shomyo . '
The Nakagawa school of the Nanzan school was established by Okanoshino NAKAGAWA , the head of the Nakagawa school .
The Nakagawa school was the Daijin ( great master ) of Nakagawa Temple in Nara and the Nakagawa family .
In 1232 , the Matsui school of Mt . Koya was moved to Mt . Koya , and the Katsushinin of Sanpo-in Temple in Sanpo-in Temple moved to Mt . Koya .
Later , he was called Mt . Koya , and called himself Nanzan school .
He was also called Nayano-ryu school .
The music of the song , songs , songs , and Joruri are said to be transformed into the transition of Shomyo .
It has a significant influence on the melody music .
Emperor Tenchi ( Tennoji )
My men
Emperor Suiko 's reign ( 626 - January 7 , 672 ) was a tenure of Emperor Tenchi .
The eighth Emperor .
His posthumous name was Amenomihitamikoto no Mikoto .
His imina ( personal name ) was Katsuragi .
It is believed that he was called Katsuragi no Miko .
He is generally known as Ono no Oji no Oji .
" Oi no Oe " means the crown prince , and ' Naka no Oe ' means the Crown Prince .
Summary
He was the second prince of Emperor Jomei .
His mother was Princess Hatsuhime ( later Emperor Kogyoku ) .
Empress was a daughter of Prince Yamatohime , a daughter of Prince Oji , who was a younger brother of her older brother .
He was a member of the plot and the plot of Kamatari NAKATOMI , and killed SOGA no Iruka , and he was enthroned as Crown Prince and he was enthroned as Crown Prince .
He established a new era name , and he made various forms ( the central figure of the Taika Reforms ) .
In addition , the couple was sentenced to death by a coup d 'etat , and the other powers were killed .
Since Baekje was destroyed by Tang Dynasty China in 660 , he sent Paekche Pag Pung who stayed in the Imperial Court and tried to restore Baekje .
He stayed in Tsukushi to protect the Paekche , but in 666 , Emperor Saimei died .
After that , he was not able to do so , but he was defeated in the Battle of Hakusukinoe in 663 , and then he was enthroned as the first time in the Battle of Hakusukinoe .
After the battle of Hakusukinoe , the castle was established as part of the policy of the defense of the land and the defense of the land .
In addition , the rank of the rank was also conducted by the ninth floor of the ninth floor , and the system of reforms was conducted .
In 670 , he made ' Koo no Nenjaku ' ( a register of the Koshin ) , a family register of Japan , and was made by the oldest family registration .
The Nihonshoki is said to have been the first prince , Prince Otomo , and the Nihonshoki ( Chronicles of Japan ) , who had been enthroned by the first prince , Prince Otomo .
However , the Jinshin War occurred after the death of Emperor Tenchi , and the Prince Otomo won the Prince Otomo and succeeded to the throne .
After that , Emperor Tenmu 's Emperor was continued to be the Emperor Shotoku .
After the death of Shotoku , Prince Shirakabe , the grandson of Emperor Konin , ascended the throne as Emperor Konin , and after that , it became the Tenji line .
It is said that he was sent to the Prince Oama as a wife of Prince Oama , and sent four daughters to the Emperor as the wife of Prince Oama .
Brief History
626 :
July 12 , 645 : He was appointed to the Crown Prince .
August 24 , 661 -
February 20 , 668 :
January 7 , 672 : 46 years old
( According to " Fuso Ryakki " ( A Brief History of Japan ) , it is said that the Emperor Tenmu 's assassination was killed in the mountains , and the theory that he was killed by the Emperor Tenmu 's death , ' I will be killed by the Emperor 's mausoleum , and the Emperor is a missing place of the mountain and the mountain is the place of the mountain . '
It is a mysterious mysterious mysterious mysterious mysterious history in the middle of the seventh century .
There are several theories about this .
It is a feelings that the Emperor Tenmu recommended Emperor Tenmu .
The theory is that Emperor Tenmu was a younger brother of Emperor Tenchi , and the Emperor Tenmu was a younger brother of Emperor Tenchi , and it is based on the theory that Emperor Kogyoku married Emperor Jomei .
In the historical book , the Emperor Tenmu died at the age of Emperor Tenmu at the age of Emperor Tenchi in " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , and the year of Emperor Tenmu was the year of the year .
However , there are many historical materials that have been found in the same historical materials , but there are many historical materials that have been a age of nine to nine .
On the other hand , there was a theory that the Emperor 's death was not a bad because of his own father , ' The father of his father was not a different mother , ' but he was not a good person , but he was the age of 16 , which was the age of 16 , which was the age of 16 , which was the age of 16 , which was the age of 16 , which was the age of 16 .
Therefore , the year of birth was in 614 , which was the same year , and the " Honcho Koji " ( the year of birth in the same year ) was adopted .
" The ancient times in ancient times , " and " ancient times , " was not unusual in the ancient times , and the Emperor was not enthroned as the Emperor Tenchi , and the Emperor was not enthroned .
It was a mistake that the misunderstanding was misunderstood .
There is also a theory that the book is different from the fact that the book was compiled in the same manner as " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , and the other books were compiled .
( Refer to the article of ' Emperor Tenmu ' )
The Isshi Incident was a coup d 'etat of Prince Karu ( Emperor Kotoku ) , and Prince Naka no Oe was dismissed from the position .
In recent years , the relationship between Naka no Oe and SOGA no Iruka was relatively good , and the basic policy was similar to the basic policy .
In such a situation , the reason why Prince Naka no Oe killed Iruka .
In addition , the theory that the Taika Reforms of Nihonshoki was approved because the change of the Taika Reforms was approved .
In addition , the reason why the Soga clan was banished by the Emperor Kogyoku 's abdication , and other questions , such as the reason for the Emperor Kogyoku 's abdication , the other questions also can be explained .
It is said that the enthronement of the Emperor was acceded to the throne in the relationship between the Emperor Tenchi .
This is because Emperor Kotoku who was described in " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was described in the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , was a poem that was a wife of Emperor Tenchi and Emperor Tenchi ( the younger sister of Emperor Tenchi ) .
Although she was allowed to love love with her half-brothers , she was allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to have a close relationship with the other brothers , and he was also a good man of the people who had been allowed to be a man of the Emperor , and he was disguised by his uncle , Prince Oi , and he was disguised by his uncle , Ono no Okimi ( Emperor Kotoku ) , and he was reprimated .
It is said that the Princess was succeeded by the Imperial Prince after the death of Emperor Saimei , but there is a theory that it was written by the Emperor 's wife .
This is a theory that the person who was called ' the Imperial Prince ' in " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) was a person who was the Emperor 's wife , and the Emperor was the Emperor 's second emperor who was the Emperor 's second emperor .
There is a theory that the Princess was called ' Nakasakino no mikoto ' and ' the Imperial Princess , ' but it is not necessarily certain that she was the Emperor Saimei , but there is no evidence to be certain .
There are also some historical materials such as the nature of history and historical materials , but it is difficult to make the study of research , including the development of the study of archaeological results .
Poems
It is also a waka poet that is said to have been selected by Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
The first poem of Ogura Hyakunin Isshu was the first of the Heian dynasty , and the following poem was added to the beginning .
The wild of the field of the autumn field is wounded by the wash , and the wedding is wounded .
The following one is the following one .
The Kagiyama is a good and a clean and a clean , and it is not possible to make a good fortune to the old times .
Saionji family was a court noble who descended from the Fujiwara clan .
The Fujiwara clan was the Kanin line of the Fujiwara clan , and the family status was Seika .
The Toin family , Imadegawa family ( Kikutei family ) was a branch of the Saionji family .
He was a powerful branch of the Saionji clan , who used the name of Saionji , and the Saionji clan of Iyo Province .
The family crest is the left of the left .
The Saionji family was the founder of FUJIWARA no Michisue , the third son of FUJIWARA no Kinzane .
When the great-great-grandson of Michisue , Kintsune SAIONJI , was a daughter of MINAMOTO no Yoritomo , he was confined to the Imperial Court as a member of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was confined to the Imperial Court as a member of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was confined to the Imperial Court as a member of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and was confined to the Imperial Court as a member of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
The name of Saionji is derived from the name of the temple which was built in the villa of the villa in the villa of the villa in Kitayama , Kadono County , Yamashiro Province ( Kitayama , Kadono County , Yamashiro Province ) .
This hall is also called Kita-dono , and the current Kinkaku-ji Temple was built by Yoshimitsu ASHIKAGA , and the current Kinkaku-ji Temple was built by Yoshimitsu ASHIKAGA .
After Kintsune , he was supported by the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and had a power to make Sekke ( family of regents ) , which had been a regent from the Kamakura period .
Sanekane SAIONJI was close to Daikaku-ji Temple , and he was a daughter of Cloistered Emperor Kameyama and Emperor Godaigo .
However , after Kinhira SAIONJI , the son of the Daikakuji line , the Daikakuji-to ( Imperial lineage of Daikakuji ) supported the Jimyoin line to support the Jimyoin line to the Daikakuji-to ( Imperial lineage of Daikakuji ) .
After that , the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was dismissed from the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the Kinmochi SAIONJI 's time .
The Emperor gave up the remnants of the Hojo clan , Yasuie HOJO , who was the remnant of the Hojo clan , and he assassinated Emperor Godaigo , who started the Kenmu Restoration , and planned to establish the Retired Emperor Fushimi , who was the successor of the Jimyoin line , and was executed and executed by Kinshige SAIONJI , who was the younger brother of the Emperor , and was executed .
During the period of the Northern and Southern Courts , Sanetoshi SAIONJI , the son of Kinmune , served the Northern Court ( Japan ) and was appointed to Udaijin ( minister of the right ) and restored the family name .
It was also known as a family business in the Muromachi period and the Edo period .
In the early Edo period , Harusuharu SAIONJI , the legitimate son of Tadaoki HOSOKAWA , was adopted by Tadataka HOSOKAWA , who was the eldest son of Tadaoki HOSOKAWA ( later disinherited ) , but Kyunu NAGAOKA was promoted to Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) , but Kyunu NAGAOKA was given 600 koku ( Japanese crop yield ) to the Saionji family , and the number of his own money was given 600 koku ( Japanese ) .
He was adopted by the Tokudaiji family of the Kanin school in the end of the Edo period , and he was active as a politician in the Meiji Restoration and became a politician and became a politician and became a politician in the Taisho and Showa periods , and he was active as a statesman .
Incidentally , the performance of the biwa ( biwa ) of the Saionji family was a strange of the biwa ( biwa ) , which was a family business of the Saionji family , but it is said that the Emperor Meiji was a member of the Imperial Household Ministry , and was made by the Emperor Meiji , and he was also called the ' kyuhatsuyatsukiri ' ( a biwa of the Imperial Palace ) and the biwa ( Japanese biwa ) of the Imperial Household Ministry .
Mt . Hiei is a mountain located in the western part of Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture , and the mountain is located in the northeastern part of Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The term " Meminomine " is the general term for the two places in the border between Otsu City and Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , and the two pages of the two places in Sakyo Ward , which are located in Sakyo Ward .
The one of the three triangles of Daiei is located in Otsu City .
It is considered to be a mountain worship of Mt . Koya and the shrine is believed to be the mountain worship and the Hiyoshi Taisha Shrine .
It is included in Higashiyama ( Kyoto Prefecture ) .
The name is also known as Eizan , Hokan , Tendai , and Fuji .
Summary
It is located in the northeast of the north east of Kyoto , and Mt . Hiei is considered to be the mountain of the castle .
In Kojiki , Mt . Hiei is written as Hiuyama Mountain , and the god of Mt . Hiei is a Shinto shrine , and is said to be the shintai ( sacred object ) of the shrine , and the shrine is said to be the shintai ( a Shinto shrine ) .
After Enryaku-ji Temple was founded , the Oyama no kami was considered as the guardian deity of the Tendai sect and Enryaku-ji Temple , and the mountain worship of Mt . Oyama was spread to the god of Mt . Oyama .
The temple is a mountain mountain where the mountain is dedicated to the temple and the mountain of Mt . Hiei , and the temple is a mountain mountain where the temple is located at the foot of Mt . Hiei .
The mountain is also popular and there are two places , including the Numatsu-yama Mountain , the former Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture , and the mountain road , which is located in the vicinity of the Kyoto Prefectural University of Shugakuin , Kyoto City , and the mountain road , which is located in Sakamoto , Kyoto City .
The temple is a road that runs from ancient times to Kyoto and Enryaku-ji Temple , and today , the visitors are still many of the mountain customers , and many visitors are still available .
The eastern Japan Film Details runs through Otsu to Ohara , Kyoto .
In order to visit the mountain , the tourist tourists visit the mountain to the top of the mountain , and the sightseeing tourists visit the mountain .
The site of the Mt . Hiei was located in the front of Mt . Hiei and the construction of Mt . Hiei and the site of Mt . Hiei and the site of the site of the mountain site was opened , and the site of the site of the site of the Scene Site is called ' Gashan Field . '
In addition , the Kyoto side was located in the vicinity of the Mori area , but it was closed on November 30 , 2001 , and the site was closed on November 30 , 2001 .
Daiei and Yakujokei
The surviving land survey by the land of Japan is the most important results in the land survey , and the east of the east is the top of the east , and the west of the east .
In the ' Record of the Past , ' the name of the section of the east of the east is called ' Mt . Hiei ' .
This Sankangan is located on the border between Otsu City and Kyoto City , but it is located in Otsu City .
When there is a mountain from Kyoto Basin , it is difficult to confirm the top of Mt . Hiei to confirm the top of Mt . Hiei .
In the Eizan Electric Railway , the Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , the top of Mt . Hiei is located at the top of Mt . Hiei .
There are many theories about the name of the name of the country , and there are many theories about the name of the land of Japan , such as ' Shiyakubugatake ' ( the name of the place of the land ) , ' Shiyakuho ' ( the name of the place of the land ) , ' Shiyakuho ' ( the name of the place of the land ) , ' Shiyomine ' ( the name of the place of the land ) , ' Shiyomine ' ( the name of the place of the land ) .
The name of Mt . Hiei , which is the name of Mt . Hiei , is the name of the Tendai sect , the Tendai sect , the Tendai sect , which is the sacred mountain of the Tendai sect , and the name of the Chinese Tendai sect .
Geography
Mt . Hiei ( left )
The area of Tanba Province is divided into the border between the mountains and the flag of the mountain .
Therefore , it is said that the area belonged to Mt . Hiei or Mt . Hiei .
Access
Mt . Hiei Railway Line ( Sakamoto Cable )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Eizan Cable )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd .
Mt . Hiei Drive
Kyoto Prefectural Road 30 , Shiga Prefectural Road 30 , Kamo Line ( Nakasen-dori Street )
The bus stop of Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei
The Keihan Bus Yamashina Office
Kyoto Bus Arashiyama Line ( Mt . Hiei Drive Bus )
TV broadcasting station
The Kyoto Prefecture is located in Sakyo Ward , Kyoto Prefecture , and the television television of Kyoto Prefecture is located .
As the telephone is not willing to be a large number of power , the tastes of the tastes are not available in Shiga Prefecture .
Details of the ground level : Broadcasting Corporation
April 1 , 2005 : The station was broadcasted .
Industrial facilities
Bingo
The NHK TV program , BBS , BBS , BBS , broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting , BBC , and Telephone TV broadcasting broadcasting , and the TV program of the TV program , the TV program , and the TV program of the TV program , the TV program , and the TV program of the TV program .
There are many cases where NHK NHK is a NHK general view , but there is no little number of people who are in the NHK NHK .
Tokai-do Road : The Tokaido Gojusan-no-tsugi
The station is a 53 of 53 stations in the Tokaido Road ( the central part of Tokyo , Tokyo ) and Kyoto ( the Sanjo-Ohashi Bridge ) .
This section describes the following description .
A Ukiyoe ( Japanese woodblock prints ) by Hiroshige UTAGAWA , who painted the following three stations of Tokaido Road ( the end of the end of the station ) .
The futon of the Food Federation of Food Federation which was sold from Susanoo .
Tokai-do Road : The fifty-three stations
Tokai-do Road is a road that runs along the Tokaido Road , which is built in the Edo period , and the road is located in the section of the Tokaido Road , which is located in the Tokaido Road .
In many cases , the site of 53 was also established in the site of the scenery of the scenery and famous places , and it was often often often used as a subject of Ukiyoe ( Japanese woodblock prints ) and haiku ( Japanese poetry ) .
In the case of the fifty-three tasks , it is called the fifty-seven syllables , and the number of the five syllables is called fifty seven .
The following are classified into the following :
The number of the number is the number of the number of the river .
* The autonomous body of autonomous autonomy which disappeared in the Heisei period is also written as follows .
Nichibashi ( Chuo Ward , Tokyo )
1 . Shinagawa ( Shinagawa Ward , Tokyo )
2 . Kawasaki Sakado ( Kawasaki Ward , Kanagawa Prefecture )
3 . Kanagawa no juku ( Kanagawa Ward , Kanagawa Prefecture )
4 . Godani ( located in Hozonagaya , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
5 . Tazuki-juku ( Takarazuka Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
6.6 Fujisawa Station ( Fujisawa City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
7 . Hirakazuka ( Hiratsuka City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
8.8 Oiso-juku ( Kanagawa Prefecture )
9 : Odawara no Fukakusa ( Odawara City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
10 . Hakone shuku ( located in Hakone , Ashigate-gun , Kanagawa Prefecture )
11.3 : Sojima Station ( Mishima City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
12 . Numazu no juku ( Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
13 . The Sakaido ( Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
14 . Yoshiwara no juku ( Fuji City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
15 : Kamabaka-juku ( Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
16.Y. Yu-juku ( Yatsui-cho , Ihara County , Shizuoka Prefecture )
17.Okuki-juku ( Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
18.Ejukiri ( present Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
19.7 : Fuchu no juku ( Aoi Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
20.1 lessons ( Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
221 : Okabe no juku ( Shita Town , Shizuoka Prefecture )
22.Fuji Toe no juku ( Fujioka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
223 : Shimada no juku ( Shimada City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
24 . Kinkayado ( former Tanina-cho , Shimada City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
2.24-Saka Suku ( Kakegawa City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
26.Kakegawa-juku ( Kakegawa City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
27 : Fukurokjuku ( Fukuroi City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
28.2m shukubu ( Iwata City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
29.Hamamatsu Shuku ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
30 : Bakazuka-juku ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
3.... Shinjuku ( Shinmachi , Hamana County , Shizuoka Prefecture )
32 : Hakusa-juku ( Kosei City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
33 : Ikakawa-juku ( Toyohashi City , Aichi Prefecture )
434 Yoshida juku ( Toyohashi City , Aichi Prefecture )
35 : Oyuki-juku ( Toyokawa City , Aichi Prefecture )
36 : Akasaka no juku ( Toyokawa City , Aichi Prefecture )
37 : Fujikawa-juku ( Okazaki City , Aichi Prefecture )
38 : Okazaki juku ( Okazaki City , Aichi Prefecture )
39 . Koi-koi-juku ( ChichiCity City , Aichi Prefecture )
40 : Nariki-juku ( Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture )
41 : Miyakiya-juku ( Atasa-ku Ward , Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture )
442 Kuwana no Kujuku ( Kuwana City , Mie Prefecture )
43 : Shiichi City , Mie Prefecture ( Yokkaichi City , Mie Prefecture )
444 koku Yakushijuku ( Suzuka City , Mie Prefecture )
45 : Shoya juku ( Suzuka City , Mie Prefecture )
46 : Kameyama Station ( Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
47 . Sekiyado ( Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
448 : Sakasakjuku ( former Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
449 : Shukiya-juku ( Koka City , Shiga Prefecture )
50 : Minakuuchi-juku ( Koka City , Shiga Prefecture )
51 : Bound for the Iwabe ( in the former Ishibu-cho , Koka County , Shiga Prefecture )
5... Kusatsu-juku ( Kusatsu City , Shiga Prefecture )
53 : Otsu Station ( Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture )
Sanjo Ohashi Bridge ( Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
According to one theory , Ieyasu TOKUGAWA was a disciple of the three hundred people , and the following one is that the ' Hokujutsu-bon ' ( the Lotus Sutra ) of the Kegon-kyo Sutra ( the Lotus Sutra ) was held by the order of the three hundred people , and the station was called ' Kyogo-Bosatsu ' ( the place where the temple was located in the Kegon Bosatsu ) in Edo ( the land of Kegon ) .
The station was established in 1619 as the extension of the Tokaido Road ( Osaka Kaido Road ) .
It is also called the Tokaido Gojunshichichi ( the fifty-seven shrines of the Tokaido Road ) .
When the Tokaido Road is located in the Tokaido Road , the route is located in the southwest of the Otsu Ohashi Bridge ( Outa-cho , Otsu City ) , and the following is the route of Fushimi Station ( Otsu City ) , and the following is the Fushimi-juku .
It is classified into the ryosei province .
The first number of the number is the country .
The two numbers are located in the Shinagawa ( Musashi Province ) .
54 : Fushimi juku ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
5.Yodo juku ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
5.Hirakata no juku ( Hirakata City , Osaka Prefecture )
5.Moriguchi ( Fujukuchi City , Osaka Prefecture )
Goryeo ( Chuo Ward , Osaka City )
The following , the street was located in Kyobashi ( Chuo Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture ) and the bridge was located in the border between Chuo Ward , Osaka City .
" Makura no Soshi " is a written essay written by Shonagon , a master of the female family in the mid Heian period .
The oldest book is written as ' The Pillow Book , ' ' Makura no Soshi ' ( Makura no Makura ) , ' Makura no Makura ' ( The Pillow Book ) , ' Harune-sho ' ( The Pillow Book ) , and ' Seishonmakura no Soshi ' ( The Pillow Book of the Past ) , the oldest manuscript of the manuscript of the manuscript in the Kamakura period .
It was also called " Seishonagon " ( The Record of the Seirs of the Qing Dynasty ) .
He was a great figure of the Nakaoka literature , which was a beautiful literature of the Heian period , which was a page of the same mother , and the " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , and a Kanazoshi ( a syllabary ) , a Kanazoshi ( a syllable verse ) and a kana zoshi ( a syllabary written in kana ( a syllabary ) ) .
It is also called the three major history of Japan , and is called " Itsuregusa " ( The Record of the Hojo clan ) written by Chomei YOSHIDA and " Tsurezure Gusa " ( Love Life of the Idleness ) by Kaneyoshi YOSHIDA .
It is pointed out that the book was written in " Goyaku Sanzanzanzaku " ( a book of Japanese poetry ) written by Ji Shakushukin ( Chinese characters ) , which was a unique body , and the book was written in " Goyaku Sanzanzan " ( a book of the history of the late Tang Dynasty ) .
According to the text of the end of the chapter , the origin of the book was written by FUJIWARA no Korechika , Minister of the Interior , and the name of the name of the name of the name of the emperor was given to the Emperor , and when the Empress , FUJIWARA no Sadako , who was a younger sister of the Emperor Ichijo , he presented a paper to the Emperor , saying , ' The emperor 's side is to be a demon , ' but the word ' the emperor 's side is to be seen in the Makura . '
The following is that the letter was given to the shrine , and it was written by the book that the book was given to the original text , " Makura no Makura " ( The Makura no Makura ( The Pillow Makura ) , " Makura no Makura " ( The Makura no Makura [ The Pillow Makura ] , and Maeda manuscript , and the book is not mentioned in the book of the book )
The name of ' Makura no Soshi ' is a theory that it comes from the above .
According to " Makura no Soshi no Kenkyu " ( The Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi ) , he wrote a researcher of the past and the other , including the theory of the theory of the theory that he was a student of the past and the other , and the researchers of the Emperor 's own family , Nobuo ORIGUCHI and Kikan IKEDA .
The following is the following theory .
Large : ' Saki ( a plum tree ) , ' which is called ' Shiki ( historical history ) , ' is a makura .
The Semorial theory : a book of the book , which is a book of the book , and the word " sarac " ( a kind of a book ) , which is a kind of words , and the term " sarac " ( a kind of a character ) .
The Bephoku theory : It is a soshi ( a kind of a kind of Chinese character ) , which is also placed in the makurakuri as a soshi ( a kind of mass-like sashamed ) .
The book of Hokuzo
The theory of unrelated theory
However , there is no theory that it is not yet .
In addition , the ' Makura no Soshi ' was used as a common name for the beauty of the beauty of the beauty of " Eiga Monogatari " ( The Tale of Flowering Fortunes ) .
The first edition was written in the same book , and the left and left of the left , MINAMOTO no Tsunefusa , who was the left and left the left , brought from the family of the author .
It is also said that he was written in the early years of the Kano era ( the end of the Edo period ) , and it is said that he was written in the end of the Kanei era .
The text of " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) written by the Tale of Genji , which is written in " The Tale of Genji , " which is written in the " The Tale of Genji , " which is written in the " The Tale of Genji , " is not included in the original text .
The difference between the story is a large difference in the story .
It is a sanzai-style style , and the three volumes are made .
It is a book that has been written by FUJIWARA no Teika , who is called " Gogo " ( a man of a long time ) , and " Oku " ( the Oku ) in 1228 .
It is considered that the most ancient times was read as ' Buni zahazashi ' ( literally , ' a good sense of words , ' and it is considered that the most ancient times of the word was not used for the first time ) .
The two types of Kikan IKEDA were distinguished from the two types .
The first book is a book that started from the beginning of the first volume of the first book , ' The spring of spring , ' and the book was started from ' Kochi no kikeru . '
It is about 230 .
Yomei Bunko Library , the Imperial Household Agency , the Imperial Household Agency , the Imperial Household Agency , the Takamatsumiya family
The second book is a book of 300 stories .
Yatomi Temio : The book of the Kuramoto Library , the Kuramono Library , and the former Kuramon Library , the former Kuramon Library , the former collection of the Kanjuji Library , the former collection of the Kanjuji Library , and the old book of the Koto Bunko Library .
It is said that the family was brought to the family 's relationship with Shonagon ( a younger sister of the Emperor Seisho ) , a son of Shonagon ( a younger sister of the Emperor ) , and a son of FUJIWARA no Norinaga , who was a relative of the Seigo-Shonagon ( a chief councilor of state ) .
It came back to the end of the Kamakura period .
The book is almost the same as the one of the three volumes , and the original theory is that the original book of the original book is that the original book of the original book is the same as the original book .
It is a total of thirteen volumes of the beginning , except for the first time .
300 books
It is a form of the form of the style .
It was a transcription in the Muromachi period .
There is a record that the name of Sakamoto was written by Katakata KIYOHARA , who lived in Sakai , and the name of the book was written by Katata KIYOHARA .
The second volume is the second volume .
The diary is not included in Nikki ( diary ) and the " Eken-jo " ( the second part of the book ) .
Gokogon Temple : 190 story
There is a record that Emperor Gokogon was copied .
The Shinkan ( a book of a book ) was written by Shinkan .
It is a story of 95 stories .
The two kinds of two types are made .
The Sakamoto is generally referred to as the word .
It is one volume of volume 107 .
The second volume is the second volume .
The third volume of the third volume is 102 .
It is a story of four stories .
5 volumes of the volume
It is a form of the form of the style .
There are only the Kaga Province and Maeda family ( Maeda Seiyukai ) .
It is a box box with gold powder , and is a box with gold and silver .
It is an important cultural property .
It is said that the oldest manuscript of " Makura no Soshi " was written in the early Kamakura period .
Among these , the Hon-bon manuscript of the Sakamoto line is included in " Gunsho Ruiju " ( Collection of Historical documents compiled by the Imperial Family ) , and the three types of Sakamoto ( the book of books ) are included in " Shin Gunsho Ruiju " ( Collection of Historical documents compiled by the New Year ) .
In addition , the original text was used as the original text of the old version of the early Edo period ( Kanei era ) , and it was a new book that was used as a book of commentary on the book , " Makura no Soshi no mokudonsho " ( The Book of Makura no Soshi ) and " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) ( Gentan KIBU ) , and the main mainstream of the book .
However , in 1946 , the second volume of volume 3 was reevaluated by Shigaro TANAKA ( 1917 - 1987 ) , and after World War II , the following was published by the Publishing Department , and after World War II , the following were read as the following .
In addition , it is considered that the book was written in the late Kamakura period , which was written in the late Kamakura period , and the " Makura no Soshi Ekotoba " ( Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi ) , a picture scroll of the " Makura no Soshi Ekotoba " ( Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi ) , which was written in the late Kamakura period .
The second volume of the volume is the second volume of the book , and the two volumes of the book are more than 300 .
The ' Mushi ' ( a Japanese poem ) is a typical example of ' the ' the ' the ' the flower of the tree ' and ' Utsukiri kuru ' ( a kind of Japanese poem ) , ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the Dharma of the Life ' and the author of the Imperial Court who had been in the Imperial Court 's court society , and the author of the ' Eigijidan ' ( a book of the diary ) , which was a ' chronological order ' which had been performed by the Empress Teishi , who had been in the Imperial Court 's court society , and the author of the Imperial Court , who had been in the Imperial Court 's court society , and the author of the Imperial Court , who had been in the Imperial Court 's court society , and the author of the Imperial Court , and the author of the Imperial Court , who had been in the Imperial Court 's court society , and
However , the classification of classification is not clear ( for example , the first section of the first section is ' spring , ' and there is a different opinion ) .
The Japanese style of Japanese literature which used Kana ( Japanese syllabary ) was written in a simple style of Japanese style , which was written in a simple style of writing , but the story of the chancellor of the Nakagpaku family was fond of the situation that the family was the fall of the family and his lord , Sadako , and the Emperor 's unhappy of the Emperor 's death , and the wife of the Empress Teishi .
The author was sophisticated and the one of the author was a good and a sense of ' a ' feeling of " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , and the world of " The Tale of Genji " was created .
Program
The sakura no Kusoshi is a person who loved the nature of human nature and the nature of the world , and the term is a kind of fashion ( a kind of mokkan ) , which is a kind of fashion ( a kind of Japanese demon ) .
According to the Itsuki , the idea of the idea of the reconciliation of the following : the original text was not seen in the inside of the main section , and the unity of the tumuli and the ideas of the world was not Ayanokari , and the fresh material was not Ayanokumi .
The expression ' Suebushi - Toki ' ( Spring and Do ) was a new style of ' the first time , ' which was seen in the Kokin Wakashu ( Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ) , and the ' spring - Hana - Hana , ' which was seen in Kokin Wakashu ( Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ) , was a strange of the sense of beauty of the people who had been familiar with waka poetry .
It is a good belief that the Empress Teishi was a good person .
The reason why the family was lost , the family was written in order to make the soul of the child of Sadako .
The reason why the family declined in the same year is not clear .
The above is a book of the book , which is written as an apprentice to the Emperor , and the Emperor 's reins of the emperor is a good and a person who is a good and a person who is a good and a person who is a good and a person who is a good and a person .
criticism of criticism
It is a sabrim that is a sick that is not a sick of Shonagon ( a councilor of state ) , and it is a sabriy that is said to be a sick saame ( Mt . Akiyama ) .
( It is not only a good expression for the person who is not only a relative of the family . )
It was not written by the ' Teishi no Miya no Koki ' ( records of the Imperial Palace ) , and it is not written by the qualification of ' ' .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA was the 15th Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ( the reign of the shogun in December 5 , 1866 - December 9 , 1867 ) .
He was the only shogun who did not hold the post of the shogun as a shogun .
He was the Minister of the Center , and the Order of the Order of the Order of the President .
He was a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) .
After the death of the 14th shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , who was the 15th shogun of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , he assumed the position of the 15th shogun of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
After the Emperor Meiji returned to the government , he tried to rebuild the Imperial Court and the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , but in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , the former Shogunate army left the castle to Edo Castle and was forced to return to Edo-jo Castle by the Imperial Court , and he was confined to the castle .
He was dismissed from his house in the Meiji period and lived until the Taisho period , and lived until the Taisho period .
The term ' Yoshinobu ' is also read as ' Yoshio ' or ' Yoshiki . '
There is a record that he was called " Yoshihiko " in the official documents of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
The name of the book is also written in the ' Koto ' ( literally , ' ) , ' a book of the Japanese newspaper and the English newspaper .
In Mito City , which is a place where the origin is called ' Yoyobu ' ( literally , ' ' ' in Japanese ) , it is often called ' Ikki ' in Shizuoka City , where he spent his life .
According to the people who know Yoshinobu 's death , Yoshinobu 's real name was called ' Ikeki-sama ' ( a person who was called ' Ikki ' ) , and he was called ' Ikki ' ( a person who was a younger brother ) to his younger brother , Akitake TOKUGAWA .
Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA , who succeeded Yoshinobu , was called ' Keika ' ( a kind of Japanese ) , and it is said that the same person was called ' Keikyuyo . '
The two types of ' Ikki ' and ' Iki-san ' are found in the present day , and it is often used in various places , but it is often used in many places , but also in the case of ' kiki-san ' ( a kind of Japanese ) , it is often used in various places .
Ryotaro SHIBA said that ' the person who was a retainer of the former Shogunate ' was often used in the family line of the former retainers of the Higo clan , who was a member of the Higo clan who was a member of the domain , and was very close to the area .
On September 29 , 1837 , he was born as the seventh son of Nariaki TOKUGAWA , the seventh son of the ninth lord of the Mito Domain , the lord of Mito Domain .
His mother was Princess Yoshiko ( the third son of the third shogun , Iemitsu TOKUGAWA ) and his mother was the lawful wife of Iemitsu TOKUGAWA .
However , the real mother of Iemitsu is said to be the wife of Hidetada , the lawful wife of Hidetada , but there is a theory that the Kasuga no Tsubone was the mother of the mother .
His childhood name was Shichiro .
He was in charge of education of the education policy of Nariaki , who was said to have been allowed to foster a man , and he moved to the Mito Domain in seven months after his death , and he was also taught by the school of learning and martial arts , including Shinsai HIROHASHI and others .
As the result of Yoshinobu 's Eitoku ( an English post ) , Nariaki was not adopted by the other family , and he was not allowed to have his eldest son ( heir ) , Yoshiatsu TOKUGAWA , and was not allowed to be adopted by the family .
On August 1 , 1847 , the Emperor ordered the lord of the Mito Domain to the Mito Domain , and the Emperor ordered the Emperor to become the heir of the Hitotsubashi family of the Mito Domain .
He was given the family name of Shichiro , and he took the name of the 12th shogun , Ieyoshi TOKUGAWA , and took the name of Yoshinobu , and he called himself the 12th Shogun Ieyoshi TOKUGAWA in December .
Ieyoshi visited the residence of Yoshinobu as a candidate candidate for Shogun 's heir , but he was remonstrated by Masahiro ABE , roju ( senior councilor ) .
In 1853 , the following problem was that the shogun , Ieyoshi , died of illness in the confusion of the ship of Kurobune , and the 13th shogun Iesada TOKUGAWA , who succeeded the family 's name , was too poor , and the problem of the 13th shogun , Iesada TOKUGAWA , who had been a son of the shogun , was too poor .
The Nanki group of the Ou clan , who recommended Yoshinobu , who recommended Yoshinobu , and the lord of the Hikone Domain , Naosuke II , the lord of the domain , who was the lord of the Satsuma Domain , and the lord of the domain , Yoshifuku TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain , who was the lord of the Kishu Domain , and the lord of the domain , Yoshifuku TOKUGAWA , who was the lord of the Kishu Domain , was opposed to the Ou clan .
The Hitotsubashi group was sent to Okoku ( inner palace ) as the adopted daughter of Nariakira SHIMAZU , and the Emperor sent the great power to the O-oku ( inner palace ) , and the first time , Masahiro ABE and Nariakira SHIMAZU , who had lost the position , and Naosuke II , who became Tairo ( chief minister ) , was decided to be the chief minister , and Naosuke II , who became Tairo ( chief minister ) in 1858 , was decided to be the shogun .
In the same year , Naosuke II was not allowed to be the Imperial sanction and concluded the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between Japan and Japan .
Yoshinobu asked Nariaki and the lord of Fukui Domain , but he was asked to take over the position of Naosuke , but he was sentenced to retire in 1859 , and he was suspended by his retirement in 1859 ( Ansei no Taigoku ) .
In addition , the letter of Yoshinobu 's successor was not able to become the heir of shogun , but he sent his letter to Nariaki to his letter , saying ' I will not take the whole country . '
In 1860 , he was confined to his house .
In 1862 , the Imperial envoy , Shigetomi OHARA , was appointed to the military commander of Satsuma Domain , who was a military commander of the Satsuma Domain , and the Imperial envoy , Shigetomi OHARA , and the Emperor Komei , who was the Shogun , to the shogun , was ordered to be appointed to the chief of the shogun and to serve as the shogun .
On July 6 , the bakufu appointed Yoshinobu as the guardian of the shogun and the president of Shungaku .
Yoshinobu and Shungaku took the reform of the shogunate government called Bunkyu Reforms , and he made a series of local government officials in the Edo period .
In 1863 , he went to Kyoto as a member of the shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and he made a negotiation with the Imperial Court who had expelled foreigners .
Emperor Komei visited Iwashimizu Hachimangu Shrine , and he was forced to take a sword with the Emperor to the Emperor , and he was forced to take a sword with Iemochi as a skilled in the Emperor 's expulsion of the Emperor , and he was forced to take an audience with Iemochi .
When the Sonno Joi group ( supporters of the expulsion of foreigners ) who mainly worked on the Choshu Domain in the Coup of August 18 , he went to Kyoto again to join the conference of the Imperial Court and the Sabaku-ha group , and he went to Kyoto again .
However , he was not able to make a meeting with the conference of the meeting , and he was not able to make a drunk at the sake brewery with Imperial Prince Kuninomiya Asahiko , and he was dissatisfied with the fact that he was a drunk and a man of the family , and he was defeated by the lord of the Shimazu clan , Harutake DATE , Shungaku MATSUDAIRA and Hisamitsu SHIMAZU .
After that , he stayed in Kyoto and was appointed to the post of the governor of the Imperial Court and the Imperial Court , and was appointed to the post of Shugo ( provincial constable ) , Katamori MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of the Aizu Domain ) , and Sadaki MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of the Aizu Domain ) , and the court nobles and court nobles ( the lord of the Kuwana Domain ) , and the court nobles .
In the Rebellion of Tenguto , he cut off the retainers of the Mito Domain , who supported Yoshinobu , and also , and also , the retainers of the Mito Domain , who supported Yoshinobu , were cut off .
In 1864 , the bakufu army commanded the bakufu army and occupied the Takatsukasa family and occupied the Takatsukasa family .
After the conquest of Choshu , he was able to take a great effort to the Imperial sanction of the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and Japan , which was a state of the Imperial sanction , and succeeded in the Imperial sanction .
In the second conquest of Choshu in 1866 , Yoshinobu received an order to conquer Choshu Domain .
However , the Satsuma clan , who formed the Satsuma alliance , was defeated and the bakufu army was defeated .
On July 20 , the second conquest of Choshu , Iemochi died in Osaka-jo Castle .
Yoshinobu issued an imperial edict to the Imperial Court and succeeded in the battle with the conclusion of the war .
He was recommended by Iemochi , but Yoshinobu refused to this .
On August 20 , the Tokugawa Shogun family succeeded to the position of shogun , but he refused to be appointed as shogun .
After that , roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) , who had been appointed as shogun , was forced to accept the shogun , and on December 5 , he was appointed to Shogun as Shogun and assumed the position of shogun .
This was because the shogun was able to become a shogun , and he was able to make a political power to make a political power .
Yoshinobu had a support of the French minister , Loon , and the French envoy , and established a military reform and established a military reform to establish a military reform , and also established a military reform to establish a military reform and the military advisers who started to establish a military reform .
Also , he encouraged his younger brother Akitake TOKUGAWA to study in Europe , and he encouraged the retainers of the shogun , who was a retainer of the Burchu Province .
The problem of Hyogo Port was given the Imperial Court to the Imperial Court .
Yoshinobu , who was the ' bakufu to overthrow the Shogunate ' , was allowed to return to the Imperial Court on October 14 , 1867 , and was permitted to return to the Imperial Court on October 14 , 1867 ( Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) ) .
It is said that the Imperial Court was not able to do so , and it is said that the Tokugawa government had been trying to rebuild the Tokugawa government .
However , Toshimichi OKUBO , Tomomi IWAKURA and Tomomi IWAKURA , who aimed to overthrow the Shogunate , were issued in December , and Yoshinobu was ordered to be the Minister of the Center , and Yoshinobu was ordered to be appointed to the post of Naidaijin ( Minister of the Center ) .
Yoshinobu left Osaka-jo Castle to avoid conflict with the other , and he also made a great opinion to the Imperial Court , and he made a vocal to the Imperial Court and made a vacant to the Imperial Court to make a vacant position .
However , the Satsuma Domain raised an army in Edo in 1868 , and he was appointed to the Aizu Domain and Kuwana Domain in Kyoto .
However , the former Shogunate army had been involved in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , which broke out on January 3 , and the army of the bakufu had to be kept in the battle , and he left the army to Edo in " Kaiyo maru " ( a book of Japanese poetry ) .
The Imperial army led by Yoshinobu , who was a chenemy of Yoshinobu , went to the east , and the government army led by the government army led by the Taisoku ( the Grand Council of State ) Arisugawanomiya Taruhito .
Yoshinobu insisted that he was to suppress the resistance of the resistance against the resistance of the battle against Tadazane OGURI .
In February , he was appointed to Kaishu KATSU and confined himself in the Kanei-ji Temple in Ueno , and was confined at the house .
He was adopted by the head of the Tokugawa family , and he handed over the family estate to his adopted son , Kannosuke TAYAGAWA ( later Iehiro TOKUGAWA ) .
When the negotiations with the government army , the government army , the government army , Takamori SAIGO , was moved to Mito , and he was forced to move to Mito , and he was forced to move to Mito Domain , and he was confined to the house of the school of the domain school .
In July , the Tokugawa family moved to Sunpu , which was transferred to the Tokugawa family .
Enshin HARA ( a retainer of the Mito Domain , a retainer of the Tokugawa family )
Shiro HIRAOKA ( a vassal of the Tokugawa family )
Saigyo ( Shogun ) ( a political adviser to the shogun Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA )
Toki TOKI
Chojuro NAKANE ( a vassal of the Tokugawa family )
Magotaro UMEZAWA
Ejuro KAWAKAMI
Chikamochi MATSUDAIRA
In September 1869 , he was dismissed from his house under house arrest .
After that , he was involved in politics , and he was in a life to live in his life , such as photographs , hunting , and a Noh song .
In 1897 , he moved to Sugamo , Tokyo .
In the following year , he visited the Imperial Palace and was an audience with Emperor Meiji .
In 1902 , he was conferred a title of a peerage and the head of the family was also called the head family .
In 1910 , he was transferred to the family estate and retired to Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA .
In 1913 , he died of pneumphin .
He died at the age of 77 in the age of 77 , and the head of the successive shogun was the most powerful shogun .
* The name of the calendar in the Tenpo calendar until 1872 .
1847
On September 1 , he inherited the Hitotsubashi family .
January 1 , Yoshinobu changed his name to Yoshinobu .
On the same day , he was appointed to Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) Sakone gon no chujo ( Provisional Middle Captain of the Left Division of Inner Palace Guards ) and Gyobukyo ( Minister of Justice ) .
On December 3 , 1855 , she married his adopted daughter , Tomiko , and married him .
He was appointed Sangi ( councilor ) .
In 1857 , he became a candidate for the succession of Iesada TOKUGAWA .
In August 1859 , he was confined to his house in the Ansei no Taigoku ( suppression of the Ansei War ) , and was confined to confinement in confinement .
In September 1860 , he was confined to his house and confined himself .
1862
July 6 : He succeeded the Hitotsubashi family .
On the same day , he was appointed as the shogun 's guardian .
November : He was transferred to Gon Chunagon .
In December 1863 , he was appointed to the Imperial Court .
1864
On March 9 , he resigned as Chogyozaikyo .
On March 25 , he resigned as the shogun .
On the same day , he was appointed to the post of the General of the Imperial Palace , the Sacred Treasure and the Kaito Kaishu ( the military governor of the sea ) .
In the Kinmon Incident , he was a warlord .
1866
On July 30 , he resigned the post of the Imperial Palace .
August 20 : He succeeded to the head of the Tokugawa family .
On December 5 , he was appointed to Shonii Gon Dainagon ( Senior Second Rank , Provisional Chief Councilor of State ) and Ukone no daisho ( Major Captain of the Right Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
On the same day , he was appointed to Seii Taishogun .
1867
September : He was transferred to Naidaijin ( Minister of the Center ) .
Retained his position as Ukone no daisho .
On October 14 , he was appointed to Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) .
On December 9 , he resigned from the post of Seii Taishogun .
April 11 , 1868 : He was dismissed .
September 28 , 1869 : He was dismissed from his house .
On January 6 , 1872 , he returned to the rank of Jushii ( Junior Fourth Rank , Lower Grade ) .
On May 18 , 1880 , he was promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) .
June 20 , 1888 : He was promoted to Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) .
On November 19 , 1897 , he moved to Tokyo .
On March 2 , 1898 , he was an audience with Emperor Meiji ( after the Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) ) .
On June 3 , 1902 , he was conferred a peerage .
The Tokugawa family was allowed to establish the ' Tokugawa Yoshinobu family ' ( a title of a peerage ) .
Kizokuin ( December 1910 )
1908
On April 30 , he received the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun with the Order of the Rising Sun with the Order of the Rising Sun .
On December 8 , he retired .
He died on November 22 , 1913 .
On the same day , he was awarded the Grand Cordon of the Rising Sun .
He was a good art of military arts and learning , and he was a good at the art of martial arts , and he was a master of swordsmanship , and was a master of swordsmanship .
After Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , he was counted as a famous person in swordsmanship , and was counted among the most famous persons in swordsmanship .
It is said that the sparks was not a bad and a sick was to be a priest when he was killed by his father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , and he was able to take a tonsure to make a sword to make a sword to the front , and he was not able to make a sword .
On the other hand , there is an anecdote that he was a man of the same person as a person who was a wife of the Emperor , and the two and his wife , and the same character as ' San ' ( ' ) .
Although it is said that the photograph of Yoshinobu was a young age , but it is doubtful whether he was a child of Yoshinobu , but it is doubtful whether he was a child of Yoshinobu .
It is said that he visited the court of Iemochi who was ill and was a good at that time .
He was known for his great achievements , and his real father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , wrote ' Tokugawa 's line , ' and his father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , praised him as ' the reclamation of Tokugawa , ' and he was praised by the shogun to become shogun , and he was praised by the shogun to become shogun .
Yoshinobu 's English name was also known for the overthrowing of the Shogunate , and Takayoshi KIDO , the Choshu clan , was not a talent of Yoshinobu HITOTSUBASHI .
He was also said to have been the rebel of Ieyasu .
Ryoma SAKAMOTO , who was the head of the Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , visited the country , and Ryoma SAKAMOTO visited the present day .
It is not possible to pay it to the bakufu .
He gave him to his first life to be the first chief adviser to the new government , and he tried to give him the position of Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) of the new government .
However , the people who had been called Ryoma , who had been a person of Yoshinobu , had been known as Ryoma .
Although he was not only a talented story , he was very low in the past , and the name of Ryoma 's name was very low .
He was defeated in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi and was criticized by his enemy , and he was criticized by his enemy and the enemy .
At this time , the seal of the gold fan was forbidden , but there was a person who was not forgiven that he was not forgiven by the same mother , but he was not forgiven .
However , there is a theory that the reason why Yoshinobu was not able to prevent the military uprising in Edo and Musashi Province , and Yoshinobu was the enemy of the daimyo , and the other people who were to guard Osaka-jo Castle were required to prevent the enemy 's expulsion , and therefore , the situation was not necessary to prevent foreign countries .
It is considered that the Emperor and the Imperial Court were considered to have been a person who had been a person who was a person who was in charge of confinement in Kanei-ji Temple and was confined in Kanei-ji Temple , and he was also considered to have been a person who was a person who was a member of the Imperial Court and the Imperial Court , but he was also called ' weekekoshi ' ( a weak ) , and therefore , he was also called ' weekekoshi . '
It was considered that the independence of the government was not able to transfer the government to the Meiji Restoration because of the fact that the political power was not able to reduce the political power by the order of the unbroken blood line , and the establishment of the government was considered to be the most important achievement in the Meiji Restoration .
Eichi SHIBUSAWA , a businessman , was a vassal who was appointed to the family head of the Tokugawa family , and after the Meiji Restoration , he had a close relationship with the Meiji Restoration .
Shibuzawa tried to make a story of Yoshinobu , who was a loyal to Yoshinobu , and he was told by Yoshinobu , who was a prominent Yoshinobu , and established ' Yume Yai ' ( Yume Yume ) .
This is the " The Yume Yai Shoki " ( The Record of the Past of Yume ) .
The book is recorded in the form of a part of a story , and the reason why the old age is not seen in the old age of Yoshinobu .
The reason why the person was the same as the Emperor 's bad luck was very good and , and he was very good at that time , ' Hisamitsu SHIMAZU was not good at the time , ' and ' Naomasa NABESHIMA was a person who was not good . '
The following materials were completed after Yoshinobu 's death , and " Tokugawa Yoshinobu Ken " ( The History of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ) .
When he was considered as a enemy , Yoshinobu was not a Buddhist ceremony but also to show respect to the Emperor Meiji who was the highest rank in the peerage , and Yoshinobu told him to be a Shinto ritual .
Therefore , the grave of Yoshinobu was not a member of the Tokugawa family of the Tokugawa family , and was also a tomb of the Tokugawa family in the Kanei-ji Temple in the Icameta of the Kanei-ji Temple in the temple of the Tokugawa family .
This was because the Imperial mausoleum of Emperor Komei was a phonetic and was so a good state ( " The Triple of the Tokugawa Triad " ) .
After pardoning , Yoshinobu had to live in his life , and he had to live in his life , saying ' Yoshinobu , who had been good for his life , would be able to make his own life , ' and ' I will reregain his action to Yoshinobu . '
There are some reevaluations such as ' The enemy of the enemy ' in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , but it is also a popular political system after the Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , and the broadcasting of the new political system after the Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) was also reevaluated , and the TV program of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( NHK Taiga Drama ) was reevaluated .
His father , Nariaki , was a good food , and was called a pork of a pork , and was called ' Bokubuchi ' ( a kind of pork ) .
In addition , in the early days of the shogun , he actively interested in the art of Western culture , and he also worked in the sponsored by the people of the Western countries , such as the photograph of the photograph , and the star , a camphor , a camphor , and a bath , and he was also a good person from the shogun ( Japanese feudal lord ) from the shogun .
It is famous as a mamman , but it seems that the technique of studio was not promoted .
He was often made by magazines , but it is said that he was not adopted .
The great-grandchild , Yoshiyuki TOKUGAWA , was a mamman man , and the photographs of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA was found in the possession of the story , and the photographs was found in the possession of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
He was a good friend of his real younger brother , Akitake TOKUGAWA .
On December 3 , 1859 , she married Kako ICHIJO ( later changed his name to Kako ) .
The eldest daughter ( the daughter of Emperor Gokominin ) , who was a daughter of Maga , was born on July 16 , 1859 , but died on July 20 .
After that , the child of Mimasaka was not born and the tenth daughter of the tenth son , who was born in the Meiji period , was a daughter of two concubines .
The ninth son , Yoshihisa , who succeeded the family of the Tokugawa family , and his son , who was the son of the seventh son , Yoshihisa , and the wife of Kaishu KATSU , who was the husband of the daughter of the Emperor Yoshinobu , and his daughter , who was the wife of the Emperor .
In addition , Yoshihisa 's son , Yoshihisa , was the wife of Imperial Prince Nobuhito , the wife of Emperor Keiko and the wife of Takamatsu no Miya Imperial Prince Nobuhito .
His lawful wife was Emperor Ichijo , and his lawful wife was the daughter of Kinhisa IMADEGAWA ( the name of Kako IMADEGAWA and his adopted daughter , Tadaka ICHIJO , and the adopted daughter of Tadaka ICHIJO , the adopted daughter of Tadaka ICHIJO , the adopted daughter of Tadaka ICHIJO ) .
His concubine : Shinobu SHIMURA ( a daughter of Masataka MATSUDAIRA , a daughter of Masataka MATSUDAIRA , died on February 8 , 1905 )
The first son : Keiji ( June 29 , 1871 - May 22 , 1872 )
Chojo : Kagako ( March 23 , 1887 - September 29 , 26 )
3 : Tekko ( December 30 , 1890 - December 10 , 1910 )
fifth son : Hiroaki IKEDA ( adopted by Teruko IKEDA , August 25 , 1877 - January 1 , 1948 )
sixth son : Narinari ( August 17 , 1878 - November 28 , 1878 )
6 : Yoshiko ( August 24 , 1880 - September 29 , 1880 )
9 : Tsuneko ( January 9 , 1897 - August 18 , 1939 )
Seven seventh : Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA ( September 2 , 1884 - January 22 , 1911 )
11 : Eiko ( April 29 , 1911 - July 5 , 1913 )
10 : Seiyo ( January 20 , 1899 - July 10 , 1918 )
His concubine : Kinyuki NAKANE ( the eldest daughter of Yoshizaburo NAKANE , died on December 29 , 1915 )
Second son : Zenji ( September 8 , 1871 - March 10 , 1872 )
Third son : Takuma ( October 5 , 1872 - July 5 , 1873 )
fourth son : Tokugawa ( February 21 , 1874 - June 12 , 1930 )
2 : Kinshi ( April 3 , 1875 - July 22 , 1875 )
4 : Soshi ( the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA , married to the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA , the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA , and July 17 , 1876 - November 30 , 1907 )
5 : Shoko ( August 17 , 1878 - October 8 , 1878 )
The seventh daughter : a child ( married on December 7 , 1895 , wife of Narutoshi MATSUDAIRA , and September 17 , 1880 - January 13 , 1959 )
8 : Kuniko ( May 7 , 1901 , married by Fujin OCHI , and January 23 , 1882 - September 11 , 1942 )
10 : Ishi ( a woman of the tenth daughter of the Emperor ) , Takako SHIJO , and the wife of Takachika SHIJO , and September 18 , 1883 to October 11 , Showa
Semisage : Silver ( died on August 22 , 1884 )
eighth son : Nei ( September 22 , 1885 - July 2 , 1886 )
9 : Tokugawa ( October 31 , 1887 - November 11 , 1967 )
Silver : a woman ( died on June 2 , 1891 )
His concubine : Yoshio ( a daughter of Tatsugoro NIKATA )
Structure
" The last shogun : Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA " ( Ryotaro SHIBA )
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu " ( the eighth head of the Yamaoka family )
Eiga
" Mibu Yoshishi Densho " ( 2003 , a program of the program )
Passenger
" Ryoma Yu Yu Yu " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1968 , NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1968 )
" Ou O-oku " ( The Oi ( Television ) , 1968 , and " Tenchi Television " ( 1968 ) : The film and the film ( 1968 )
" Katsukune Kaishu ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 1974 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Hanagami ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 1977 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Ryoma Yu Yu Yu Yu Yu " ( The Picture of Ryoma ) ( 1982 , TV Tokyo Shinpan Geki , Ltd . )
" Okoku ( Ou ) ( TV drama ) " ( 1983 ) , " Frel Television " ( 1983 , Flue Television , and Television )
" Hakatora " ( TV drama ) ( 1986 , the TV drama of the TV program of Japan TV drama ) ( 1986 )
" Hana no Ii Ii Tairo " ( The Ii no Oro and Sakuradamon ) ( 1988 , TV Tokyo ) , and the TV drama , a TV drama , a TV drama , a Noh drama , a man of a TV program , a man of a TV program , a man of a TV program , a man of a TV program , a man of a TV program )
" Goryokaku ( TV drama ) " ( 1988 , the TV drama , a TV program , a program of the TV program , and a performer of Nobuyuki ISHIDA )
" Shojo Yunyo " ( 1990 , NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1990 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Katsukune Kaishu ( TV drama ) " ( 1990 , the TV program of TV TV drama )
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA " ( 1998 , NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1998 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Okoku ( Ou ) ( TV drama ) 2003 , " " Ou ( Television Television , " TV drama ) , and " Yamazaki Ginjo " ( a TV drama )
" Also , " Seven Serply , " the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the master of the family , was written by the name of the magistrate of the Edo period , and " Okuri no suke " ( the name of a person who was a person who was a member of the Edo period ) , and " Tetsutetsu OGURI " ( 2003 , a drama played by Tetsutetsu HIBMA )
" Shinsengumi ! ! " ( 2004 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Atsuhime ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 2008 , NHK Taiga Drama , actor : Hirakake Taiga )
" Yume Yai Shoki " ( The Record of the Past )
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu 's official " ( Eichi SHIBUSAWA )
The Meiji period : The first photograph of the Meiji period , ' the photograph of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , ' the Asahi Shimbun Company ( the Asahi Shimbun ) , ISBN 40225555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555
Notes
The Nara Line ( Kyoto Prefecture ) is a railway line ( railway ) of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , which runs from Kizu Station in Kizugawa City , Kyoto Prefecture ( Kyoto Prefecture ) , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture , Kyoto Prefecture .
The entire line is included in the section of urban areas .
As a branch line of the Kansai Main Line , the station is the first time , but the train service is operated by the Kyoto from Kyoto to Kizu , and the train is made of the train ( the number of trains ) is made of the train ( the number of trains ) is made .
The following are the following lines , except for the section between Kyoto and Kizu .
The color color is a color of the color of the color ( or ) , and the reason for selection is said to be ' the image of a clean that connected the ancient capital of the two . '
Jurisdiction ( subsidiary ) : West Japan Railway Company ( railway business )
Route distance ( operating kilometers ) : 434 km
Track : 1067mm
The number of stations : 19 ( including the end of the station )
The section section : The section between Nitta and Uji , and JR Fujimori Station
Electrified section : The entire line ( 1500V )
Block ( railway ) : Automatic block system ( a track section ) , a single track ( a track section ) , and a single track ( a single track )
Anglateur : automatic train train
The operation of the operation of the train service : Shin-Osaka General Committee
The highest speed speed : 110km / h ( a track section ) : 95 km / h ( a single track )
The Kyoto Branch of the West Japan Railway Company ( Kizu Station ) is under the control of the West Japan Railway Company ( Kizu Station ) , which is under the control of the West Japan Railway Company .
The line of the line is the Nara Line and the section between Kyoto and Kizu , but the entire section is located in Kyoto Prefecture , and there is no route in Nara Prefecture .
This was the result of the construction of the Nara Railway , which was built by Nara Railway , and after the Kansai Railway was merged into the Kansai Railway , the section of the section between Osaka and Nagoya was separated .
However , the train is operated from Kizu Station to the Kansai Main Line ( Yamatoji Line ) and Nara Station , Nara Prefecture .
JR West was established on March 13 , 1988 , but the route was established by the JR Kyoto Line and JR Kobe Line , but the Nara Line was sent to the Nara Line .
Because the Kintetsu Nara Line is located , the JR Nara Line is sometimes called ' JR Nara Line . '
In the Japan National Railways , the Japanese National Railways was designated as ' National Railways Nara Line ' and ' the ' an English name ' was used .
Kintetsu Nara Line is a relationship with the Yamatoji Line and the Yamatoji Line , and the JR Nara Line is a conflict between the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
The Keihan Uji Line and Kintetsu Kyoto Line were operated by many trains , but the Nara Line was not electrified by the JNR 's JNR / JR Limited Express Series 105 , but the line was not only a small line of the JNR / JR Limited Express Series 105 , and the train was only a small line of the JNR / JR Limited Express Series 105 .
However , the trains of the trains were made to increase the trains of trains that were operated by the JR West , and the trains of trains were made in the middle of the train , and the trains of trains were made to increase the trains of trains , including the trains that were operated by the JR West , and the trains of trains including the train trains were made to increase the trains of trains , including the train cars , and the rapid train of the train .
Today , the street is a strong sense of tourism and the other , such as the Byodo-in Temple in Uji City , which is located along the line , and the area of the area of the city of the city of Kyoto Prefecture , and the area of the city of the city of the Joyo City .
However , the section between Momoyama and Nitta is a large area in the east and the south of the castle is located in the center of the Kyoto Line , which runs from the center of the castle , and the area of the Kyoto Line is a difference between the Kyoto Line and the local transportation .
The train cars used for the Nara Train Train Series Nara Line are used for the Nara Train Line , but the station facilities are managed by the Kyoto branch of the station .
The Suica and the East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) , ICOCA , and the East Japan Railway Company ( JR Central ) , and the PiTaPa of Taro KANSAI can be used in all stations .
The station is a simple ticket gate in the south of Joyo Station .
Since the train was abolished in 1984 , the train that was operated by the Nara Line and the Sakurai Line , which had been operated by the Nara Line and the Sakurai Line , were operated only in 1991 , and the local trains were operated only in 1991 , but this train was operated only in the past , and the local trains were operated by local trains , and the local trains were operated by local trains , and the local trains were operated by local trains .
The station is operated in the daytime and the daytime is operated in the daytime .
Basically , the trains are operated at the station of 30 minutes and the local trains are operated at Uji Station .
The nickname ' Miyako Rapid Service ' was decided by public public .
As a result , the Japanese people are not only Japanese people but also the Japanese people who are not only Japanese people .
The cars are operated by JR West 221 series cars and six cars and six cars are operated .
The speed speed is operated in the section between 110km / h , and other than 95 km / h , the speed is about 95 km / h .
The standard required time is about 444 minutes , and the Kyoto Kyoto Kyoto Kyoto Kyoto Kyoto Station is about 47 minutes .
The train is operated by the Kyoto Station and the section between Kamikoma Station or Tanakura Station , and the train is a little difference between the trains and the outbound trains , and the train is a little difference between the trains and the outbound trains .
The first time of the New Year 's Day was made to visit Fushimi Inari , and this station was temporarily used to stop at Inari Station .
History
March 3 , 2001 : The operation of the operation was started .
March 15 , 2003 : The station began to stop at Tofuku-ji Station and Tamizu Station , and at the time of the timetable revision .
It is operated during the morning and evening rush hours .
The station is also operated by JR Ogura Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) , which is operated by the JR Ogura Station , which is operated by the JR Ogura Line .
The train cars are operated on 221 series , and four cars are operated with four cars and six cars .
Basically , the trains are operated at the station of 30 minutes and the local trains are operated at Uji Station .
The station is located on the same way as the Yamatoji Rapid Service , as well as the Yamatoji Rapid Service , and the other rapid trains stop at the station .
The station was used in March 2001 , and the section of the train that was operated by the Kyoto and Uji , and the train was used in the Kyoto and Uji , and the train was used in the Nara Line , but since then , the Nara Line was used in the Nara Line .
The train is operated by the Yamatoji Line and the trains running on the Yamatoji Line .
It is operated mainly around the morning and night .
At first , only on weekdays , only on the weekdays , the timetable was used only on the weekdays and the timetable was also operated on the Saturday and holidays .
The station was changed to each station between Uji and Nara , but the local trains bound for Uji Station were not used for the trains bound for the Kizu Station , but the trains running on the train bound for the section between Uji Station and the trains bound for the Kizu Station were changed to the timetable .
There are only 221 cars that use the first train series 103 cars in Kyoto Station , which is operated by the Kyoto Station on the Saturday and holidays , and all of them are operated by 221 .
In the morning rush hour , trains run directly from the Yamatoji Line to the Yamatoji Line .
The rapid train of the Nara Line was used as a rapid train to prevent the misunderstanding of the Yamatoji Line and the rapid train to the same color as the rapid train , but the timetable was used as a color of the same color as the color of the train , but the timetable was made in March 2008 , and the timetable of the timetable was not used , and the color of the train was not used for the timetable revision of the section .
The section of the section of the section of Kamikoma Station is described in the characters of Murasaki no Himemiko .
It is operated between Kyoto and Uji , and the section between Kyoto and the Joyo section .
During the daytime , the section between Kyoto and Joyo was operated at 15 minutes , but the Joyo - Kizu section became a thirty minutes .
The train is operated in 103 cars , but some trains are operated in 221 cars .
There are some trains that run through the morning and night in the morning and night in the morning and night .
The trains running directly from the Sakurai Line were divided into the Nara Line and Sakurai Line on September 4 , 1994 , and the Sakurai Line was divided into the Nara Line .
The trains are operated on the Nara Line , but the limited express trains are operated .
From 1987 to 1988 , the operation of the Kansai Main Line and the Kansai Main Line , which was operated by JNR , was operated between Kyoto and Shirahama Station , and the Kansai Main Line and the Hanwa Line , which was operated by JNR , and the Kansai Main Line , the Hanwa Line , and the Hanwa Line .
In January 6 , 1998 , the announcement of the limited express train was announced in the Kinki Region of the Shimbun Newspaper , but the plan was stopped by the train , but the plan was stopped , but the plan was stopped .
The station was operated by Kyoto and Sakurai section ( between Kyoto and Nara ) , but now the trains run directly to Sakurai Line , including the other trains , and the trains run directly to Sakurai Line .
In the middle of August , the Uji-gawa River , which was the nearest to Uji Station , was held , but the timetable was not available for the trains , and the train was operated only about 10 minutes , and the train was operated only about 10 minutes and the trains were operated between Kyoto and Uji and the trains of the trains were operated by the trains and trains in the section between Kyoto and Uji .
Some local trains arrive at Kizu Station .
The first day of the New Year 's Day in the same line was a temporary timetable , and the rapid train was operated by the rapid trains and the Uji Station , and the number of trains was operated by the Uji and Uji .
In the year , the station was operated by the station of Momoyama Station .
In 1992 , the trains running on the Sakurai Line were extended to the Sakurai Line and the trains were operated to the Tenri Station and one hour was operated to Tenri Station .
In addition , the trains are operated by Japan .
In particular , the train that is called ' the Train Series ' in the Tenri Daisai Festival ( the Great Festival of Tenri ) on October 26 , is called ' the train for the train ' and the line between Kyoto Station and Kizu Station to the Nara Line and the Sakurai Line to the Nara Line and the Sakurai Line .
It is a member of Nara Train .
JR West 221 series
There are two types of trains , including the Yamatoji Line and the Osaka Loop Line , and two cars , four cars , and six cars .
The train was used mainly for four cars and six cars , but the Nara Line was mainly used mainly in the Nara Line , but the Nara Line was mainly used for four cars .
The train is used for the timetable on the day of the train schedule .
JNR / JR Limited Express Series 103
The train cars of 103 cars used for the Nara Line are not only operated by the Nara Line , but the trains are operated by the Nara Line and the Yamatoji Line in the Osaka Loop Line and the local rapid trains in the Osaka Loop Line .
Some cars were replaced by the Osaka Loop Line , which was replaced by the Osaka Loop Line .
The Nara Railway was opened by Nara Railway , but the section between Kyoto and Momozama Station was the first line of the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
On the day of the day of the Tokaido Main Line , the section between Kyoto and Kyoto Station was changed to the Nara Line , which was operated by the Tokaido Main Line , and the line between Kyoto and Kyoto and the section between Kyoto and Kyoto were discontinued , and the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was abolished and the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was abolished and the section between Fushimi Station and Momoyama Station was discontinued .
Later , the former site of the former line between Kyoto and Fushimi was sold to the Kintetsu Kyoto Line , which was the predecessor of the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
August 18 , 1879 : The station was opened as a result of the section between Kyoto and Inari Station ( later Tokaido Main Line ) and Otani Station ( Shiga Prefecture ) .
Inari Station opened .
September 5 , 1895 : The Nara Railway was opened by Nara Railway ( 3 ) , and the section between Kyoto Station and Fushimi Station ( 3 ) was opened .
Fushimi Station opened .
Kyoto Station is a private railway line .
November 3 : The section between Fushimi and Momozama ( 19C  2.19 km ) was extended .
Momoyama Station opened .
January 25 , 1896 : The Momoyama - Tamamizu section ( 12  2.24 km ) was extended to the extension of the line .
The Kibata Station , Uji Station , and Tono Station , and Tamizu Station opened .
March 13 : The section between Tamizu and Kizu ( 45C  7.44 km ) was extended .
Tanakura Station and Kizu Station opened .
April 18 : The section between Kizu and Nara was extended to the section between Kyoto and Nara .
April 21 : To-ji Station opened .
April 1 , 1897 : The station was renamed as Nanajo Station .
May 3 , 1902 : Kamikoma Station opened .
November 12 : The unit of distance distance was simplified by a mayor and chain , and the number of the distance was simplified by the millet and chain .
February 7 , 1905 : Nara Railway was transferred to Kansai Railway .
October 1 , 1907 : Kansai Railway Company was nationalized .
August 1 , 1908 : The section of Shichijo Station was integrated into Kyoto Station .
October 12 , 1909 : The line was established , and the Nara Line was the Nara Line .
December 19 , 1910 : Uji Shingo Station was established between Uji and Kibata .
June 20 , 1913 : Hachijo signal station was established between Fushimi and Kyoto .
November 5 : The Uji River signal was abolished .
August 15 , 1914 : Hachijo signal station was abolished .
March 20 , 1921 : Uji Ujiya-dori signal station was established in the Uji River between Uji and Kibata .
August 1 : The Kyoto Line and Fushimi section ( 3.3 M  5.31 km ) was abolished .
The passenger service of the passenger service between Fushimi and Momozama ( 1.1 M  1.77 km ) was abolished .
The Kyoto Station and Inari section ( 1.8 M  2.90 km ) was incorporated into the Nara Line .
Inari - Momoyama Station opened a new line between the Inari and Momoyama periods .
April 1 , 1922 : The Uji River was changed to Uji Kamiyama-shino Station .
February 13 , 1926 : The Umebayashi Express Stop was opened .
April 1 : The Uji-gawa River was abolished .
September 3 , 1928 : The line between Momoyama - Fushimi Station was discontinued .
Fushimi Station was abolished .
April 1 , 1930 : The unit of distance distance was changed from the Margel to the meters ( 27.7 km ) .
December 1 , 1933 : The Aodani Bairin temporary station was upgraded to Aoyani Station .
July 15 , 1955 : The Yamaga Station opened .
December 27 , 1957 : Tofuku-ji Station opened .
July 11 , 1958 : Joyo Station opened .
April 21 , 1961 : Obaku Station opened .
March 2 , 1982 : The operation of the train was used .
October 1 , 1984 : The section between Kyoto and Kizu ( between Kyoto and Nara ) was electrified .
The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 105 started operating with the JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 .
The express train ' Koto ' ( Kyoto - Wakayama , Wakayama Line , Sakurai Line , Sakurai Line , and Wakayama Line ) .
April 1 , 1987 : The West Japan Railway Company was succeeded by the division and privatization of JNR .
The Japan Freight Railway Company became a railway business .
March 16 , 1991 : Rapid trains started operating trains on the 117 series .
October 22 , 1992 : Rokujizo Station opened .
The station is operated by the Joyo Station .
September 4 , 1994 : The 105 series cars were withdrew .
( It is operated by the Sakurai Line and the Wakayama Line . )
March 8 , 1997 : JR Fujimori Station opened .
May 10 , 1999 : The station became a stop at the station .
March 3 , 2001 : The section between Kyoto Station and JR Fujima Station became a double-track section .
The JR Ogura Station opened .
The operation of the rapid train service was started by the rapid train , ' Miyako Rapid Service ' by the 221 series of trains .
October 1 : The station was operated by the rapid train and rapid trains .
March 15 , 2003 : The Tofuku-ji Temple and Tamizu Station were operated by the Miyako Rapid Service Station and Tamizu Station .
April 1 : The second railway line of Japan Freight Railway was abolished .
April 23 , 2008 : The train was introduced in the Yamashiro Aoyani Station and Kizu section .
April 27 : ATS - ATS was introduced in ATS and Yamashiro Aoya-mae .
April 30 : ATS - Kan Station was introduced in the section between Kyoto and Obaku .
The station has been still a high level of the station , and the section between the JR Fujimori Station and Uji Station between Shin-Tono Station and Kizu Station are still still available .
Also , the Keihan Uji Line , which is operated between the JR Fujita Station and Momoyama Station , is difficult to secure the area along the Keihan Uji Line ( near Obaku Station ) , and the Keihan Uji Line ( near Obaku Station ) .
Because the budget of the budget is not a shortage , the plan is made to be a single track after the line between Kyoto and Sonobe Station , which is the highest level , is operated by the Sagano Line ( the Sanin Main Line ) .
The plan was also conducted in the Kinki Region Committee , and the operation of the Tokaido Main Line ( JR Kyoto Line ) was also investigated ( it was also said that the day of the day of the New Year 's Eve ) was conducted ( it was already realized that the day of the day of the New Year 's Eve ) .
Uji City is a plan to build a new station between Obaku Station and Uji Station .
The station is located in the middle of the middle of the station , and there are no station stations except for Rokujizo Station ( JR West ) and Uji Station ( JR West ) .
The station is a business station in Kyoto Station .
Kyoto Station ( 0.00 km ) - Hachijo temporary station ( 0.80 km ) - - - - - - - - Momoyama Station ( 5.3km ) - - Momoyama Station ( 5.31 km ) - Momoyama Station ( 7.3km )
The station is a business station in Kyoto Station .
Uji-gawa River Signal Station - Obaku - Uji section ( approximately 13.8 km )
Keiji Bypass ( Keiji Bypass , the name of the English name : SSS ) is a street stopping road in Kumiyama Town , Kusatsu County , Shiga Prefecture , and the National Highway Road is located in Kumiyama-cho , Kuse-gun , Shiga Prefecture .
It is designated as a plan for the local governance .
The following is the following : the Keiji Bypass of the Keiji Bypass , the Keiji Bypass of National Route No. 24 , is described as follows : the Keiji Bypass of National Route No. 24 , National Route 24 .
It is considered as a god of the god , and the city of Otsu City and the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of Otsu City to the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city .
The law of the law is a national highway ( National Highway Route ) , the Kumiyama Interchange of the Seta Higashi Interchange , and the National Route 478 ( Keiji Bypass ) , Kumiyama Interchange , Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange , and Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki Junction ( National Highway Route ) , the National Land Transportation Bureau ( National Highway Route ) , the National Land Transportation Bureau ( National Highway Route ) , the National Highway Route 478 , and Oyamazaki Junction ( National Highway Route ) .
The route between the Kyoto and Kyoto City Road , which was a subway , was made to be used for the purpose of the traffic between the Meishin Expressway and the Kyoto City Road , and the Kyoto Prefectural Road and Kyoto Bypass , which was a highway for the Kyoto City Road , was built , and the Kyoto National Route 9 , the Kyoto Prefectural Road .
The Kyoto Jukan Expressway and Kyoto Second Loop Road , and the second section of the Kyoto University is designated as National Route 478 .
The station is used for the purpose of the use of the bus , and the Keiji Bypass is called Keiji Bypass , the Keiji Bypass ( the Keiji Bypass ) .
Also , the difference between the Meishin Expressway and the Keiji Bypass is not a limited express and the ETC system .
In this case , the business name is described as the name of the business business , and the name of the Keiji Bypass ( the Sando-Interchange Interchange ) is described as the business name .
The origin of the origin of the station , Oe-cho , Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
The Oyama Town , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
The total length of the total length is 18.9 kilometers
The train line
The highest speed of the highest speed of the highest speed : 80 kilometers
The plan to complete the completion of the completion of the completion of the completion of the reconstruction of the temple
Shiga Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Uji City - Kumiyama Town , Kuze County - Yawata City - Otokuni-gun - Otokuni-gun
National Route 1 , Kyoji Bypass - Kumiyama Yodo Interchange - Kumiyama Interchange
National Route 478 : The Kyoto Prefectural Stop Road : Oyamazaki Junction - Oyamazaki Junction
The section of the National Expressway Route : The name of the National Highway Expressway , the section of the section of the section of the section of the section of the Kumiyama JCT - Kumiyama Yodo Interchange
The number of the IC number is the section of the road to the section of the road .
Also , the facilities of the facilities are not used for the facilities .
The name of the line is not a special name of the city , and the city is located in town .
West Japan Expressway Company , Kansai Expressway , Ibaraki Station , Ibaraki Station
( The section of Ibaraki Station is also the same as that of the Kyoto Higashi Interchange , the Suita JCT , the second Keihan Road , the Keihann Expressway , the Keihann Expressway , and the Kyoto Prefectural Kyoto Prefecture .
August 29 , 1988 : The Seta Interchange and JCT - Ogura-dori Interchange opened .
March 30 , 2003 : Ogura-IC - Kuzoyama JCT opened .
In this way , the system of the Japanese road is unified as a special highway for other Japanese roads .
August 10 , 2003 : The entire line was opened by the section between Kumiyama JCT and Oyamazaki JCT .
December 24 , 2003 : Oyamazaki Interchange opened .
The weekday of the day of 2005 ( the traffic route ) : 224 hours of the weekdays of the year 2005 .
Oyamazaki Interchange / JCT - Kumiyama Yodo - Kumiyama Yodo -
The Uji Tunnel is the most longest among the National Route 1 , and the tunnel is the most longest to the Uji Interchange , and the excluding of the Tunnel , the Tunnel , and the Kasatori Interchange .
In the area of Kumiyama Junji , the film " Dai Osobari THEEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIE
The area of the Seta Interchange - the Oyama Interchange and JCT CT are short , and the speed of the speed is shortened by the Keiji Bypass via the Keiji Bypass , and the route for Keiji Bypass via Keiji Bypass is a short distance .
Because there are no facilities for passengers , there are many facilities for the Meishin Expressway ( the Seta Higashi - Oyamazaki Station ) , which is a rationalistic route , and the area of the Meishin Expressway ( the area of the Sando-kaido Road to the Katsura-gawa River ) is also used .
However , the Sando-do and Oyamazaki Junction were established , and the structure of the section of the Sando-do and Oyamazaki Junction was established ( especially the section of Oyamazaki Junction ) was a vast speed .
There is a point that the route is to be a conclusion of the route to the route to the route between the Suita and Osaka area to the section between the OzanYama-Junction and the Osaka area .
In addition , the street is not available for the interests of the highway Expressway , because there are few people who do not have a luxury of the interests of the highway and the road .
This road is a street stopping at National Route 1 ( National Highway Route 1 ) , and is not a highway for automatically automatories .
When the Uji-gawa River is located in the east side of the Uji-gawa River , the station is not to be operated by Uji Interchange , and it is not possible to pass the Uji Nishi Interchange .
The Uji Interchange is a IC IC .
Therefore , the street is often traffic between the Uji Interchange and Uji Interchange , and the general road is a traffic between the Uji Interchange and the Uji Interchange .
The general road is not a section of Viscount LALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLIS .
Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture ( Uji City Interchange ) - Kumiyama-cho , Kuze County
Refer to the section of the Kyoto Second Loop Road , the second outer section of the Kumiyama Town .
The upper side is the end of the end , and the end of the end is the end .
The left side is left on the left side and the right side is left .
The weekday of the day of 2005 ( the traffic route ) : 224 hours of the weekdays of the year 2005 .
Yagura , Tsu City , 13,137
The name of the Azuma-machi , Kumiyama Town , Kuse-gun , 535 , 4,493
The National Highway Office , National Highway , National Highway , National Highway , and the Public Office of the National Highway
The Kyoto National Highway Office , Kyoto National Highway Kyoto National Highway Kyoto National Highway , Kyoto Prefectural Route No. 24
The Kyoto National Highway Office , Kyoto National Highway , Kyoto National Highway , Kyoto National Highway , Kyoto University
Higashi Hongan-ji Temple ( also known as Hogahoji ) is a Buddhist temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) located in Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The temple is the head temple of the Otani school of Shinshu sect ( Shinshu sect ) , which is the head temple of the Otani school of Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , and is the head temple of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , and is the head temple of the Jodo Shinshu sect .
The formal name of the temple was ' Hongan-ji Temple ' in 1987 , and after the same year , ' Shinshu Honbyo ' ( the mausoleum of the Shinshu sect ) was called ' Shinshu Honbyo . '
It is often called ' Higashi san ' because it is called ' Higashi san ' in Shimogyo Ward .
( Refer to the history of Hongan-ji Temple before the split into the east and the section of the history of Hongan-ji Temple . )
The 12th generation of Hongan-ji Temple , Jonyo ( also known as Mitsuju ) was given the territory of Hongan-ji Temple by Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , and in 1602 , Noriyuki opened the temple in 1602 when Hongan-ji Temple was divided into two .
The temple was located in Shichijo , Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , and it was called the Higashi Hongan-ji Temple , which was located in Shichijo , the east of the Higashi Hongan-ji Temple .
In 1987 , Hongan-ji Temple was dissolved and the temple was dissolved as a religious corporation , and the religious corporation was dissolved .
After that , the name of Higashi Hongan-ji Temple was officially called ' Shinshu Honbyo ' ( the teachings of the founder Shinran , the founder of the sect , and the teachings of Shinran , the founder of the sect , and the teachings of Shinran , and the name of ' Hagatage ' ( the Dharma of the Buddha ) .
It is also called the Hongan-ji school of the Jodo Shinshu sect , which is the same meaning as the Hongan-ji school of the Jodo Shinshu sect .
Oto ( east )
In the Edo period , the number of buildings were destroyed by fire , and the name of the temple was built by the fire of the fire , and the number of buildings of the existing buildings were rebuilt after the Meiji period , but many of the buildings were rebuilt in the Meiji period .
The Goei-do hall dedicated to Shinran 's portrait is a largest wooden wooden structure ( the construction of the roof of the roof ) .
The Miyodo gate is one of three major gates of Sanmon gate .
The book is owned by Shinran 's name , " Akikyo Shinjitsu Kyoyo Kyosho ( National Treasure ) " ( National Treasure ) .
The main building of the land area is a place of the country .
The current head priest is Koaki OTANI ( Jonyo ) .
National Treasure
Important Cultural Property
From Gojo Station of Kyoto City Subway , Kyoto City Subway
University
Otani University
Kyoto Koka-Women 's University
Osaka University
DonUniversity
Nagoya Career University
Nagoya University
Aichi University
Aichi Shinjo University
The former High School of the Former School is a former higher school school which was the predecessor of Kyoto University .
Its abbreviation is ' Sanka . '
The first head of the school was Hikichi HIRITA .
In 1869 , he was established in Osaka .
The name was changed .
1870 : The Chemistry office - > Kaisei = > Kaisei = >
1872 : The fourth school of the University of Education , the first Chakaku , the first school
1873 : The first school of the third university , Changaku , and the opening of the school to Kaimei School
In 1874 , Osaka Gakko Gakko ( Osaka School of Foreign Studies ) was established .
In 1879 , he was appointed as Osaka Gakko ( Osaka School of Osaka ) .
In 1880 , he was appointed to Osaka Junior High School .
In 1885 , he was established as a university school , and was established in 1886 .
In 1887 , he was appointed as the third high junior high school of the school of Medical School of Medicine , Okayama Prefecture ( Eishiro City , Okayama Prefecture ) .
The course of the course of course was established .
1889 : The third Higher Junior High School was relocated to Kyoto City ( present-day Sakyo Ward ) from Higashi-Ward , Osaka City ( present-day Sakyo Ward ) .
The Faculty of Medicine was established in the Faculty of Medicine .
In 1893 , he was promoted to the third High School of the Third High School .
The course of the course of course ( education for the university ) was abolished and abolished .
The Faculty of Engineering was established .
The establishment of the Kyoto Imperial University ( 1897 ) was established in the University of Education ( the restoration of education for the university ) .
The Department of Law was abolished in 1901 ( officially issued in 1901 ) .
The Faculty of Medicine ( 1901 ) was established in Okayama University .
In 1949 , the former Kyoto University ( Kyoto Imperial University ) was integrated into Kyoto University , and was integrated into Kyoto University , and was a school of education in the Kyoto University .
In 1950 , he sent the first graduates from the third High School , and was officially abolished .
1954 : The school was renamed as Kyoho .
In 1991 , the school was established in the Faculty of Environment and the Graduate School of Environment and Environmental Studies .
1992 : The Faculty of Letters was reorganized into the Faculty of Letters .
The Noriabe school was abolished .
2003 : The Department of Luxury and Environmental Studies was integrated into the Faculty of Letters .
Refer to the system of the school system .
Amaterasu Omikami is a god ( Shinto god ) ( Jinjin ) in Japanese mythology .
In " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , ' Tensho ' is called ' Ama ' or ' Aomateru . '
It is considered that the sun is a god who was a god of the sun and is considered to be one of the Imperial Family .
" Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) is written as Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
His name was Ohiuramochi no kami .
In " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , there are several names of gods , and in " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , the name of ' Tensho Ojin no kami ' is united .
There is a theory that he was a female god , but it is also said that he was a god .
As the name of Amaterasu Omikami is a political part of the " Kotaijingu Shrine Gishiki " ( the Record of the Grand Council of State ) , it is also written in the political part of the " Kotaijingu Shrine Gishiki " ( the Record of the Imperial Household ) , and the fact that the Emperor was originally the ancestor of Takamimusubi , and the theory that the Emperor was originally the ancestor of Takamimusubi ( Takamimusubi ) , and the theory that Hime was the ancestor of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
In the Ise-jingu Shrine , it is also called Amatamitsususume no Okami or Oomikami , and when the shrine is held , it is also called Amatamitsusuksumusumatsusumatsususumatsusumatsuhiko .
Today , it is now a historical document , and it is now a common practice .
There is a theory that it was written as " Tensho no kami " ( the god of heaven ) .
The description in mythology
In " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , Izanagi returned from Yomi , Izanagi , and he was born in the left hand when he was willing to wait in the wave .
He was called Susanoo , who was born from the right to the right , and was called Mitsuyoshi .
Izanagi ordered Amaterasu Omikami to rule Takamanohara .
Susanoo , who was assigned to the sea , was exiled by Izanagi to his Izanagi , who had been sent to the country of Izanami .
Susanoo went to the country to meet her older sister , Amaterasu Omikami , but the Emperor was in Takamanohara , but the Emperor was a younger brother , and he was treated as a military man , and he was treated as a warrior .
When the Emperor gave birth to Susanoo , the god of the five pillars of the five pillars of the Emperor and Susanoo were born from the fact that the gods of the five pillars were born and the three gods were born .
The Emperor was born from the fact that Amaterasu Omikami was born from the fact that Amaterasu Omikami was the child of Amaterasu Omikami .
Amenooshihohi
Amenohohi
Amatsuhiko
Kouhitsu
Macuese
Susanoo , who had been good at this , was involved in the Takamanohara War , and the god of Amaterasu Omikami fell into the Iwatakiwato .
The world became a dark , and various disasters were caused .
The gods of Chichibu no kami ( Chichibu no kami , the god of Chichibu , the god of Chichibu ) and the Amenookoyamateshi no mikoto , and the two gods of the Tenponokami ( the Sun Goddess ) , the Emperor 's son , and the Emperor 's children , the Emperor 's son , and Susanoo was exiled from Takanohara .
When Amenooshihoohohi was sent to Ashihara no nakatsukuni , he sent Amenooshihoohoohohime .
The Ashihara no Nakatsukuni was conquered , but the Ninigi was born when Amenooshihohi was born , but his grandson Ninigi was born .
Translation
In the mythology , the scene of the god of Amatsumi ( Amamimusubi ) , who was born from his own , was a god of the gods , and the Emperor 's order to rule the country to the gods of the country , and the Emperor 's body , which was the Emperor 's body , was considered to be a divine spirit of the emperor .
Also , there is a view that the shrine was a shrine maiden in ancient times .
The name ' Hime ' is a shrine maiden who served the sun god .
The sun god is originally a male god , but there is a theory that the shrine maiden became a god of the sun and became a female god .
Also , there is a theory that this god was the Emperor 's female who was the Emperor 's female god , and it is now known that Himiko was the model of Amaterasu Omikami .
The birth of the god of the sun and moon , and the moon of the moon , and the moon of the moon , and the ' Mo ' ( the first day of the moon ) , ' the first day of the moon , ' ' The Golden Site of the Right , ' ' The Section of the Right , ' and ' The Seven of the Right , ' ' The eyes of the right of the left , ' ' The eyes of the right of the left , ' ' The eyes of the right of the left , ' and ' the eyes of the right of the right , ' and ' the eyes of the right of the right , ' and ' the eyes of the right of the right , ' and ' the eyes of the right of the right . '
Also , the term " Usuki " ( the god of the Ise-jingu Shrine ) , the Ise-jingu Shrine , and Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( the Imperial Palace ) , Saigu ( the Imperial Palace ) , and Shikiheie ( the ancient Japanese court dance ) , and the Gekyo ( the ancient Japanese court dance ) , the term " Usuki " ( literally , " the god of the moon " ) , " Shikiheizuki " ( the god of the gods ) , " Usu-shikori " ( literally , " the god of the moon " ) , " Shikiheizuki " ( the god of the Ise-jingu Shrine ) , and " heihaku " ( the god of the Ise-jingu Shrine ) , and " Shikihaku " ( the god of the Ise-jingu Shrine ) , and " Shikihaku " ( the god of the Ise-jingu Shrine
According to a mythology , the mythology of the mythology of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is a mythology that is the mythology of the ancient times ( 3 to 4 ) .
It is also said that the Japanese mythology spread to Japan as a result of the history of the history of Japan , which is the Japanese mythology that is considered to be a Japanese mythology .
There is a theory that the shrine was changed into three times in " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
The following is the following :
645 : The Taika Reforms was completed .
The Emperor is not enshrined in the Imperial Family before this .
The ' sun ' ( literally , ' sun ' ) , ' Taiyo ' ( the sun ) , is ' the sun . '
The god of the male god was also enshrined .
In " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , there is a shrine that has the name of ' Marutamaru ' ( Marutamaru ) , ' Ama no Tono ' ( Mamilia ) , ' Amamaru no Mikoto ' ( Amamatoshadara ) , ' Amamatama no Mikoto ' ( Amamatomatamitamaritamaritamaramaritamaramaritamaramitamaramitamaramitamaramitamaramitamaramitamaramitamaramitamaramitamaramitamaritamaramitamaritamaramitamaritamaramitamaritamaramitamaritamaramitamaritamaramitamaritamaramitamaritamaram
Incidentally , the god of the god of the god is the name of Amaterasu , Amenohohoori , and the ancestor of Amenohohoori , the ancestor of Amenohohoori , and the Sui clan .
The younger brother of Amenohoori was a younger brother of Amenohoori , and was the great-grandfather of Emperor Jinmu .
672 : The Jinshin War was the Jinshin War .
Ohitohime ' ( Ohimume no Mochi ) , ' The daughter of the sun god ' ( ' Tanaka no Machi ' )
In this case , the deity is interpreted as a god of the god of the god , and is interpreted as ' Marutamaru ' ( a god of a god ) .
698 : The shrine was founded .
The ' the ancestor of the Emperor ' and ' the ancestor of the Emperor . '
She is a female god .
The model was created as a model for the Emperor Jito and was created as a god of human nature .
Even after that , ' Tensho ' ( the god of the gods ) other than the Imperial family was called ' Marutamaru . '
For example , ' Tensho ' ( the god of heaven ) is called ' Tensho ' in " Sarashina Nikki " ( 1060 ) , and ' Tensho ' is used as ' Amaterasu ' in ' Mamilaru ' in " The former Kujihongi " ( Ancient Japanese History ) .
In 1880 , the Shinto Shinto shrine , which was established in Hiiya , Tokyo , was a religious dispute in Shinto religion , which occurred in the Shinto world .
The Shinto office was built as a deity of the shrine , and the four pillars of the gods of the gods were enshrined in the shrine 's palace , and the ' Izumo school ' was made to be the four pillars of the Ozu-no-kami ( the god of the gods ) , and the ' Izumo school ' ( the first god of the world ) , which was the ' the world of the world , ' and the ' the world of the world ' ( the world of the world ) , ' the ' the world of the Izumo school ' ( the world of the world ) , which is the main enshrined deity , and the enshrined deity of the gods ' ( the world of the world ) .
However , the ' Ise school ' which was mainly played by the Shinto office was ' Tenchi Daishu ' ( the Great Buddha of the Tea ) , which was the ' Tenchi Daishu ' ( Great Buddha ) , which was a vassal of Kenyu and the other gods , and other gods insisted that these gods were not a subject .
In the fruit , various theories were interested in various theories , such as ' the school of the Izumo school , ' ' the school of the Izumo school has been a good fortune , ' and ' the Imperial Family should kill Tofuku-ji and the Imperial Family . '
Before long , the dispute was taken by the Emperor Meiji , and the shrine was regarded as the highest rank in the shrine 's position .
It is said that the government recognized the possibility that the government would not control the people directly by the government , and it is said that the government would not control the people directly by the modern nation .
Refer to the section of the Shinto Shinto Shinto Office .
The name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the god of the country was " Ohihimuchi " ( Ohitsumochi ) , when he was in his novel .
This is because the name of the god of the sun goddess was not seen in the Bunka , because the god of the sun goddess was not able to appear in the Bunchu , and it was not necessary to use the sun god .
In fact , there are many cases where the war was not able to make the troops to the army , and the number of the troops was not able to be used .
In the establishment of the Kochi Gakuin , the name of Masaatsu AKIOKA ( 1898 - 1983 ) , who was the founder of the Konchigakuin School , is a belief of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
Amaterasu Omikami is a idea that the world is a idea that the world is a world .
In the words , ' Iizakari ' ( literally , ' a person who is a ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' in ' ' Izanagi ' in Izanagi and Izanagi , ' the ' ' the world ' and ' the pioneer ' , ' the person who is a pioneer , ' is a idea that he would go to the world .
The shrine where Amaterasu Omikami is enshrined .
The shrine is called Jinmyojinja Shrine , which is enshrined in the shrine , and the main shrine is located in the shrine ( Ise-jingu Shrine ) , but the main shrine is located in the Naiku ( the Imperial Palace ) of the Ise-jingu Shrine ( Ise-jingu Shrine ) .
The Tai-jingu Shrine is a shrine enshrining the sacred treasures of the Three Sacred Treasures of the Three Sacred Treasures of the Three Sacred Treasures .
Most of the shrines in Japan are distributed by the shrine 's sokuda ( a paper sash ) of the Daijingu Shrine ( Daima-jingu Shrine ) in Japan .
Daimyoshu is a word which is derived from the chief priest .
It refers to a person who is a person who has a great name .
The term is a small name .
It was originally a person who tried to fill the power in local regions .
Among them , the term " samurai " meant the samurai class owned by many territories and their subordinates .
In the Muromachi period , Shugo ( provincial constable ) strengthened his territory and became a shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the provincial constable ) .
In the Sengoku period , the daimyos who established their own territory , appeared and called daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) and Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) .
In the Edo period , the samurai family was given to the samurai families who were given a stipend of 10,000 koku ( approximately 1.8 million liters of crop yield ) and more than 10,000 koku .
The samurai of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was called Naoteru , a samurai of the bakufu .
In addition , daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) were called the feudal lord of the feudal lord , and the daimyo lords were called daimyo lords .
This section is described in the details of the Edo period .
For the details of the shugo daimyo and daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) , refer to the article .
The Edo period
The daimyo in the Edo period was decided by the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , such as the social standing , the rank , a post , and a post .
First , the family 's family 's family was classified into the family of the Tokugawa Shogun family , and the family was classified into the Tokugawa family , the daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) , who were a vassal of the Tokugawa family before the Battle of Sekigahara , and the family was classified into the daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) , which were the vassals of the Tokugawa family before the Battle of Sekigahara .
The first shogun , Ieyasu , was the first shogun , and the Tokugawa family was allowed to maintain the Tokugawa family as a result of the maintenance of the Tokugawa family , and the Tokugawa family was allowed to use the Tokugawa family to the bakufu , and the Tokugawa family was allowed to use the Tokugawa family to the Tokugawa family , and the ninth son Yoshinao TOKUGAWA , the tenth son of the Tokugawa family , was allowed to use the Tokugawa family to the Mito Domain , and the fourth son Yorifusa TOKUGAWA .
In addition , he was appointed to the lord of the Echizen Domain , including Hideyasu YUKI , the second son of Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , the second shogun , and the lord of the Echizen Domain .
In addition , he was appointed as a daimyo ( hereditary vassal ) to the Tokugawa Shogun family , and he was appointed as a important post in the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was appointed as a important post in the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and was appointed to the post of chief minister of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and appointed to the post of roju ( senior councilor ) .
The daimyo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) were low and low , and the Hikone Domain , the hereditary vassal of the Hikone Domain , was given a large amount of rice crop yields , and the clan of the clan , the Ii clan , the Sakakakara clan , the Sakakakara clan , the Oasawara clan , the Oasawara clan , the Hatamoto clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , and the Toda clan .
This came to be used to be the separation of power and military power .
The gaike daimyo were daimyo who belonged to the family , and in the Sekigahara , there were many families who fought against the Tokugawa family .
In addition , the bakufu was strongly forced to take the bakufu 's police and actively actively engaged in the proper activities of the bakufu , and in case of fear of fear of the rebellion , he was punished by the punishment of his punishment .
As a representative , the clan of the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Saga clan , the lord of the domain of the Akita clan , the Sake clan , the lord of the domain of the Akita clan , the Sake clan , the lord of the domain of the Akita clan of the Akita clan , the Akita Domain of the Akita clan , the Akita Domain of the Akita clan , the Akita Domain of the Akita clan , the
Also , the territory of the daimyo was divided into one province or more than one province or more than one province , and the castle was called the jinya ( castle ) , and the castle was also divided into the status of daimyo ( feudal lord ) , and the daimyo ( feudal lord ) were divided into the status of daimyo ( feudal lord ) , and they were divided into the status of daimyo .
For details , refer to the article of the section .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) were not allowed to have a daimyo 's territory of the land , and the daimyo of the castle was not allowed to have a territory of the land of the land , and most of the daimyo had a territory around the castle .
In the case of the highest level , the local lords and the local lords ( in the case of the soso ) were divided into each other .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was a single thousand koku ( approximately 180 liters of crop yield ) , but the Kikkawa clan of the Kirigawa clan was 5,000 koku .
This was because the Kikkawa clan was a descendant of the Ashikaga clan .
The daimyo was under control of the bakufu by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and the system of Sankinkotai ( a system of centralized government based on the ritsuryo code ) .
In addition , the term " todenden " was also used to be used to be ordered by the coastal defense of the coast of the coast , and the daimyo was not very much economic difficulties .
The word " daimyo " means a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , and was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The residence of daimyo daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was a residence of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The residence of the residence was located in Edo , and the other called the residence of the residence of the residence .
He was a daimyo daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) were moved to the battlefield when the daimyo was in the Sankinkotai ( a system of the Edo period ) .
Also , the group of groups of groups are sometimes used to make a group of groups .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was a military force to prevent the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to make them to make them to make them .
It was composed of feudal retainers of domains .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was to pay a high interest in the rice .
The bakufu ordered the bakufu to control the control of the criminals .
Fushin : Fushin for Fushin .
He was a bypass of the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The Japanese territorial lord daimyo was a legislative unit that was established for the purpose of communication between Edo and the national government .
To make a fish , the fish is often used to make a fish to make a fish .
It is said that the wealthy power was a powerful .
The giant fish and meat of meat is cut into the size of the fish .
It is purchased by buying a budget .
It is a bowl of a bowl of rice bowl .
It is also referred to as a type of lacquer ware which is made by a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , and a Japanese lacquer painting , and a lacquered painting .
It is a pattern of a single pattern with a pattern of a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
In the " Setsuyoshu " ( a collection of Japanese poetry ) , the Muromachi period , the former two two types of ' tamashi ' and ' daimyoyo ' were given to the former Shugo ( the feudal lord ) , the latter was the former Shugo ( the feudal lord ) .
It is said that the term " tamashi " was used in the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) , and it is said that the term " tamashi " was often called " tamashi . "
The following two types of Japanese dictionary in the early 17th century are not clear , but the distinction between the word is not clear , and the difference between the two two two and two sound is not clear .
The word ' Omyo ' became popular in the Edo period , and it was called ' Daiyo ' in the Kansei era .
Shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) , Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period )
Chikamasa , daimyo , daimyo , and so on
The domain
Shoki
