Structure
Dogen was a Zen priest in the early Kamakura period .
He was the founder of the Soto sect .
He was also called Rogen in his later years .
He was also known as the founder of the sect .
His posthumous name was Butsuden Kokushi , Joyo Daishi ( a priest ) .
It is generally called Dogen Zenji .
It is said that , in Japan , the manners and manners of meal and meals were established .
There is another theory that it was brought back by Souchik ( Memorial bamboo ) .
There are many theories about the birth of Dogen , but there are various theories about the direct descendant of Michichika TSUCHIMIKADO ( MINAMOTO no Michichika , Michichika KOGA and Michichika KOGA ) .
It is said that he was born as a son of FUJIWARA no Ishi , a daughter of FUJIWARA no Ishi ( FUJIWARA no Motofusa ) , who was a daughter of FUJIWARA no Motofusa ( FUJIWARA no Motofusa ) , who was the Matsudono no sho in Kyoto , Kyoto , but there is a theory that he was a biological child of Tomonori HORIKAWA , who was a biological child of Tomonori HORIKAWA , who was said to be his foster father .
There is also a theory that he was a son of Michichika , MINAMOTO no Michimitsu , and Michiko KOGA .
According to " Kenkoki " ( The Record of Kenka ) , he was three years old at the age of three , and he was adopted by his older paternal half-brother , Tomonori HORIKAWA , and was adopted by his older paternal half-brother , Michitoshi HORIKAWA .
According to one theory , there was a story that Dogen , who was a maternal uncle of his maternal uncle , was adopted by the family of the Matsudono family , who was a maternal uncle of his mother , but it is said that Dogen , who was a maternal uncle of the family , did not understand his life .
There is a theory that the founder Shinran , the founder of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , was a maternal relative of each other .
There is a theory that the volume of " Shobogenzo " written by Shinran was written by Shinran .
In 1213 , he visited his uncle Yoshiaki , a maternal uncle of Mt . Hiei .
In 1214 , he became a priest as the head priest of Tendai-zasu ( the head priest of the Tendai sect ) , and called himself Dogen Dogen .
In 1215 , he studied the Tendai sect of Tendai Sect at Onjo-ji Temple .
In 1217 , he studied under Zenyo , a disciple of Saiyo in Kennin-ji Temple .
In 1223 , he went to the Southern Sung Dynasty to the Southern Sung Dynasty and received an impression from Jonjo of the Soto sect .
He returned to Japan in 1228 .
In 1233 , he opened Kosho-ji Temple in Fukakusa .
Around this time , he was suppressed by Mt . Hiei .
In July , 1243 , he moved to Echizen Province by Yoshishige TANO , a jito ( manager and lord of manor ) of Echizen Province .
On the way , in response to the invitation of Nobutsuna SASAKI , the lord of the Kutsusuki-mura village , he joined the Kutsusuki-mura Village ( the origin of Kosho-ji Temple ( Takashima City ) )
In 1244 , he founded Daibutsu-ji Temple .
In 1246 , he changed his name to Daibutsu-ji Temple and changed his name to Egen .
Around this time , he went down to Kamakura because he was invited by Tokiyori HOJO and Yoshishige HATANO .
In the Kamakura period , it was a half period in the Kanto region , but in the Kanto region , it was the first time in the Kanto region .
In 1253 , he handed over Eihei-ji Temple to his disciple Ejo , who was a disciple of Eihei-ji Temple , and died at the age of 54 ( at the age of 53 ) , and at the age of 54 , he died at the age of 54 ( at the age of 53 ) .
The cause of the death is said to be a tool .
Although it was completed by a certain number of Buddha , it was not necessarily the main nature of Buddha , and it was the main nature of Buddha ( Shuseiyo ) , and it was the most important training of Buddha ( Shuseiyo ) , and it was the most important training of the Buddha .
In the Kamakura Buddhism , many of the Suehishiso ( the teachings of Buddhism ) are based on the Taoist ideology , but it is not completely uncertain .
The statue of the statue of the statue of the Buddha is to be used for a while for a while .
There are only one Kyodo ( Kyodo ) .
It is also known as a yorishiro .
It is not necessarily attributed to the world .
There is a good sense of love , and there is a root in the Asashiraki , Shimane , and so on .
It is a kind of Buddhist precepts , such as Buddha and the Buddhist precepts , and they are all living .
It is the origin of the Buddhist law .
It is said that he could not be able to do so , saying , ' I should not be able to do anything , ' and he was not only a disciple of Shakyamuni 's disciples , but he denied the Mappo Mappo .
" Shoho Zokuzo "
" Shoho Zogenzo " ( The Sutra of the Law of Shoho ) , " Shobogenzo " ( The Painting of the Painting of the Present ) , published by Seijiro NISHIO , published by Iwanami Shoten , published by Iwanami Shoten )
" modern translation of the modern translation " ( 1 ) ( by Kazuo NISHISHIMA ) ( translated by Kazuo NISHISHIMA )
" Shoho Zokuzo ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) " ( Yatsuo MIZUNO ) , " Yatsuo MIZUNO , " 1990 )
" Shoho Zokuzo " ( translated by Kunio ISHII , published in 2004 )
" Eihei Koroku " ( written by Kunihiro ISHII , published in 2005 )
" Eihei Seiki "
" Tenza Kyoku "
" Tenza Kyotokanokanpu " ( translated by Hosho NAKAMURA ) ( translated by Hosho NAKAMURA , translated by Publisher )
" Shukushuho . "
" Shoho Zogenki " ( The Record of the Shoho Zodiac ) : A lecture of Dogen 's lecture in Dogen .
" Shobogenzo " ( Commentary on the Shobogenzo )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( written by Jo FURUTA , published by Kanden Bunko , 1960 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( revised by Tetsuo WATSUJI , published by Iwanami bunko , 1982 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( Yasuko MIZUNO , translated by Yasuko MIZUNO ) ( translated by Yasuko MIZUNO )
" Shobogenzo " ( translated by Ikeda ) ( translated by Ikeda Publishing Co . , Ltd . , 1993 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( written by Shoichi YAMAZAKI , published by Seiichi YAMAZAKI , 2003 )
" Dogen Zenji Zenshu Zenshu " ( The collection of Zenji Zenji Zenshu ) , published by Shunshu-sha Publishing Co . , Ltd .
Documents
" Dogen Zenji " ( Iwanami bunko ) ( Iwanami bunko )
" Dogen " by Michio TAKEUCHI ( " Dogen " ) , 1962
" Dogen Zenji 's life " by Shinichi TAKAHASHI
" Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen Dogen ) , 1971
" Dogen Zazenzo , " " Dogen Zazenzo , " " Dogen Zazenzo , "
Akira SUGANUMA , " Dogen 's dictionary , " published in 1977
" Koza Dogen " edited by Motaka KAMISHIMA and Shiro YUKI , " Koza Dogen " ( The Picture of Dogen ) , published by Shiro KASHIMA and Shiro YUKI
" Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen )
" Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Echizen no Shodo " ( Dogen ) , and " Echizen no Shodo " ( Echizen Province ) , and the Asahi Shinbun ( the Asahi Shimbun ) , and 661 .
Ryotaro SHIBA : A monk of Ryotaro SHIBA ( in the same way ) : 663 .
Ryotaro SHIBA : 777 - 889 .
The portrait of Ryotaro SHIBA ( the same as ' the portrait of Jakuen ' ) : 10-104 .
" Dogen Zenshi " ( Dogen Zenji ) , " Dogen Zenshi " ( The History of Dogen )
Umekoji steam Locomotive Museum is a steam locomotive facility located in Kani-cho , Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture , and is a steam locomotive facility that is operated by the West Japan Railway Company .
On October 10 , 1972 , the Japanese National Railways was established in Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City as a result of the construction of the Japan National Railways ( Japan National Railways ) , and in the first century , a steam locomotives , which supported the railway transportation of Japan in the first century , was regarded as an important cultural property for the purpose of preservation and preservation of Japan Railway .
In 1987 , JR West was succeeded by JR West .
In addition , the facilities of this facility is located ( Umekoji Station ) , which is a steam locomotive ( Umekoji Station ) , and the steam locomotives , which is operated by a steam locomotives , and the electrified locomotive of the Sagano Scenic Railway Co . , Ltd .
In the latter half of the 1960s , the construction of steam locomotives , which had been established in the latter half of the 1960s , began to be preserved .
Initially , the Oyama district , which was close to the capital area of the capital , was the most candidate candidate for the municipalities , but since the viewpoint of ' the central part of Japan ' was established in 1970 , it was officially selected as a municipality in the central part of the Kyoto Metropolitan area ( at that time ) , and in 1970 , it was officially selected as a preservation district .
As for the principle of preservation , the number of cars can be selected as a principle , but there are some cars that have not been scheduled to be scheduled to be scheduled to be scheduled to be scheduled .
The facility is called " steam locomotive Museum , " which was used by the former Umekoji Museum of the former Umekoji Ward , and the former Nijo station building was relocated to the former Nijo station building .
It was built in 1914 and was designated as a national important cultural property on December 10 , 2004 , and it was designated as an important cultural property in the country along with the five electrification .
In the same year , he was selected for the Natural Preservation Society of Dori-Gakkai .
In 2006 , the construction of a steam locomotive , a type of steam locomotives , which was designated as the former station building of the JR West , was designated as a commemorative commemorative building , and it was designated as a commemorative commemorative commemorative building .
The former Nijo station building was constructed by the Kyoto Railway Company in 1904 , and it was built in the Heian Heian-jingu Shrine , which was built by the Kagenkan , and it was built in the Heian Heian-jingu Shrine .
The Kyoto Railway was nationalized in 1907 , and after that , it was used as a national system , but it was used as a station building of the Sanin Main Line ( Sagano Line ) , but in 1996 , the station building was relocated to the station building of the Sanin Main Line ( Sagano Line ) , and in 1997 , the station building was relocated to the site of the main building of the main hall , and in 1997 , the station building was relocated to the site of the main building of the main building of the main building .
In April 1996 , it was designated as a cultural property of Kyoto City .
In the form of sixteen ryo ( sixteen cars ) in the Taisho period from Taisho to Showa periods , the number of sixteen cars ( sixteen cars ) are exhibited and exhibited .
At the beginning of the opening , the preservation preservation is the principle , and the number of two cars , including CCC 545 and 51 , 239 and 239 , but the number of vehicles can be used for the preservation of the preservation , but in 2006 , the preservation of the preservation preservation has become seven seven cars .
Among them , five five ryo ( five ryo ) are still available , and two cars are served at the main line , such as the Yamaguchi Line , the JR Hokuriku Main Line , the Hokuriku Main Line , the Hokuriku Main Line , and ' Kitabiko ( train ) . '
These two cars are available for the purpose of preservation , but they are not available at the main line because they do not have any examination .
In addition , it is operated by the ' SL Stream , ' which is used for exhibitions for exhibitions .
In the past , the operation of the station was located at the northern end of the station , which was located at the north end of the station , which was located at the northern end of the former Nijo Station , but it was changed to the present Umekoji Park to the south of the Sagano Line , and it was changed to the present Umekoji Park south of the Sagano Line .
Even today , it has a function as a administrative district , and also the business line .
In addition , the improvement of steam locomotives has also been improved by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Ubai
It is derived from ' Ubai ' which means Umekoji .
It is designated as a special commemorative commentary on the C62 No. 1 , which was designated as a model of the C62 No. 1 , which was designated in 1976 , and it was designated as a commemorative commentary in 2006 .
In 1972 , it is said that there were no procedures to move from the Independent Institutions in 1972 .
The name of the book was made from the site of Umekoji in Umekoji .
8620 steam locomotives :
It was produced in 1914 .
It was transferred from the Hirosaki Universities .
In 1979 , it was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
JNR 600 steam locomotive
In 1914 , he was established .
It was transferred from Otaru Station .
In 1979 , it was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
In 1987 , it was preserved .
National Railways ( JNR ) steam locomotive
1946 : Establishment of Mt . Toyama .
It was transferred from the Kagoshima district .
It was dissolved in 1979 .
In 2002 , the temple was restored and restored in 2002 .
JNR C11 steam locomotive
In 1940 , it was made by Kawasaki Electric Railway .
It was transferred from the Aizu Wakamatsu-jo Center for the Aizu-Wakamatsu Research Center .
In 1987 , it was dissolved .
JNR C51 steam locomotive
It was manufactured in 1927 .
In 1962 , it was abolished in the Shinatsu Transport Ward .
It was designated as a textbook for the Niigata Railway School , and was restored by Umekoji Station , which was restored by Umekoji Station .
JNR Card steam locomotive
In 1928 , the company was manufactured .
It was abolished in Umekoji Ward in 1950 .
It was preserved in 1961 and was preserved in the Museum of Technology in 1961 .
JNR C55 steam locomotive
1935 : Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
The station was transferred from the Hozukawa Station .
It was dissolved in 1979 .
JNR C56 steam locomotive locomotive
1939 : Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from the Matsumoto Transport Co . , Ltd .
JNR C57 steam steam locomotive
1937 : Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Inakura Ward .
JNR C58 steam locomotive
It was manufactured in 1938 .
The station was transferred from the Kitaomi Station .
In 1987 , it was dissolved .
JNR Cam steam locomotive
In 1946 , it was produced in Japan .
It was transferred from the Nara Station .
It was dissolved in 1979 .
JNR C61 steam locomotive locomotive
1948 : The Mitsubishi Industry Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Miyazaki Ward .
In 1979 , it was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
It was revived in 1987 .
JNR C62 steam locomotive
It was established in 1948 .
It was abolished in 1967 .
In 1986 , it was designated as a national treasure , and it was stored in Hiroshima Railway Gakuen .
In 1994 , it was relocated to Umekoji .
C62 2
It was established in 1948 .
It was transferred from Otaru Kukinori Ward .
In 1979 , it was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
It was revived in 1987 .
JNR Dam steam locomotive
It was produced in 1925 .
It was transferred from the Naokata district .
It was dissolved in 1979 .
JNR 51 steam locomotive
1936 : Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from the Hamada district .
In 1987 , it was dissolved .
D51 type 200 : ( there is a number of car )
1938 : The Ministry of Railway Company ( Japan Railway Company ) was established .
It was transferred from Nakagawa Ward .
In 1979 , it was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
It was revived in 1987 .
JNR : Type 52 steam locomotives
1946 : The Mitsubishi Industry Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Goryokaku in Goryokaku .
It was dissolved in 1979 .
JRRC : 1010-20-type 10 ( 10 )
Picture : 6333933933
Picture : 50 of the Picture : 50 of the Picture : 50 of the Calligraphy of Umekoji steam locomotive , about 540 .
Picture 51 : 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 , C62 No. 1 , C62 No. 1
Picture : 51,000-200 ( Swed-go )
Picture : 5345 cubic 5545
JRR-W-56160 ( SL ) No. 160 ( SL ) No. 160 ( SL )
Picture : 6088,011 J.P.
Picture : 621 - Female C62 C62 No. 1
JR-W-622 C62 No. 2 , 662
JNR 10 Diesel locomotives
There are two departments and two cars .
JNR / JR Limited Express car
It is used as a room room .
Although there is a lot of the original shape , it is used for households for households , and it is placed on the back side .
In addition , it is impossible to use it .
" Umekoji 9090 " ( West Japan Railway Company , 2004 ) ISBN 477770705
" JNR / JR Tokaido Line II " ( Hozu-sha Shrine , 1984 ) ISBN 4586553012X
" Umekoji steam locomotive Museum "
" Railway Film " ( magazine ) , December 1994 , ' Umekoji steaming , ' and Umekoji steaming .
In 1994 , the construction of Umekoji Park and the National Route 621 commemorates the commemorative service for preservation and preservation .
Kozan TAKAYAMA , ' Umekoji , ' 1 , 1
Sumitomo Co . , Ltd . , January 1998 - February 1 - February 41-442
Shomyo is one of Japanese traditional music .
It is a religious music used in Buddhist scriptures .
In Japan , it is also called Bonbai , Bonshutsu .
It is written in the old Japanese style .
It is one of the academic fields of ancient India .
Goryo refers to five kinds of learning , such as Shomyo ( the study of Chinese classics ) , Bunho ( the study of Japanese classical literature ) , mokuraku ( art of art ) , and Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics of Buddhism ) .
It has been handed down to Japan along with Japan .
In 754 , a memorial service for the Great Buddha of Todai-ji Temple was held at the time of the opening ceremony of the Great Buddha of Todai-ji Temple , and in the Nara period , Shomyo was active in the Nara period .
In the early Heian period , Kukai , Kukai and Kukai handed down their Shomyo , and became the head of the Tendai sect and Shingon Shomyo .
Some Buddhist sects other than the Tendai sect and the Shingon sect are still inherited by each sect .
In order to transmit the koden , it was not called koden .
Therefore , Denju was difficult .
In later years , hakase ( hakase ) was invented .
In addition , there are differences in the specialties of each school .
However , the hakase ( hakase ) is a reference for the purpose , and if it is necessary to learn , it is necessary to learn the shomyo , and it is not possible to maintain the school 's teachings and succession to the school .
Therefore , the leaders and successors were indispensable .
As a result of various conditions , many schools disappeared .
The Tendai sect was introduced by Saicho and developed its own development .
After Saicho , Ennin and Annan .
The founder of the Yuzu Nenbutsu is known as the founder of Nakoki .
In 1109 , Ryoo built in Ohara , Kyoto ( Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City ) .
The temple 's sango ( literally , " mountain name " ) , which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple in Ohara , is referred to as Mt . Uoyama , and it is called Mt . Uoyama .
Before long , he became known as a dojo ( training hall ) of the Ohara-ryu school , which was known as a dojo ( training hall ) of the Ohara school .
Later , Johakara became a member of the school , and in Ohara , the two schools of the two schools were in Ohara .
Later , Muneyoshi started to restore Ohara Shomyo .
Tanchi built a new theory based on the theory of new music .
After that , the central part of the Tendai sect was the center of the Tendai sect , and it was succeeded to the present Tendai Shomyo .
Yuzu Nenbutsu sect , Jodo sect , Jodo Shinshu sect , and Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) is a line of the Tendai sect .
The foundation of Shingon Shomyo is the basis of Kukai , and now it has become the basis .
It was after Masamasa , who had been systematized as a systematic system .
He is also said to be the founder of the Kancho era .
He served as a composition of Shomyo .
Until the Kamakura period , many schools were included in many schools , but the school was compiled by Cloistered Imperial Prince Kakuho , and the four schools were compiled by Cloistered Imperial Prince Kakuho , the school of the school , and the Nakagawa school of the Daigo school and the Nakagawa River . )
The Shomyo of the Kogi Shingon sect fell into decline in the Edo period .
In the middle of the Meiji period , the school was abolished in the middle of the Meiji period and the Daigo-ryu school and the Daigo school .
Currently , it is divided into Chiyama , Chichiin ( Chishakuin , Kyoto ) , Toyoyama ( Mt . Koya ) , Mt . Koya , and Nanzan-ryu school ( Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya ) , and Nanzan-ryu school ( Mt . Koya ) .
The name of Chizan Shomyo ( New Shingon sect ) and Toyokoyama school of Shingon sect ( Shingi Shingon sect ) , the Shingon sect of the Shingon sect , is derived from the Nakagawa Daishinryu school , and it originated from the Nakagawa Dairyu school .
On the other hand , Yoriyuki was raised to the old school of Daigo .
In 1583 , when the Negoro-ji Temple ( Wakayama Prefecture ) was burned down by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , both sides of Chiyama and Mt . Chizan were formed by the Daigo school of Daigo .
It is characterized as a feature of Mt . Chizan , and it is referred to as ' Shomyo ' in Mt . Chizan .
The Nakagawa school of the Nanzan school was established by Oku NAKAGAWA , the head of the Nakagawa school .
The Nakagawa school was the Daijin of Nakagawa-dera Temple , Nara and Nakagawa .
He moved to Mt . Koya in 1232 and 1233 at Mt . Koya and moved to Mt . Koya to Mt . Koya .
Later , the name of Mt . Koya was also known as Mt . Koya , and called the Nanzan school .
It is also referred to as the Shinyu school and Nonoyama school .
It can be said that songs such as Heikyoku ( Noh song ) , Yokyoku ( Noh song ) , and Joruri ( dramatic narrative chanted to a shamisen accompaniment ) , can be said to be transformed by Shomyo .
The influence of hitoe music is greatly influenced .
Emperor Tenchi .
He was a male .
626 - January 7 , 672 .
He was the thirty-eighth Emperor .
His Japanese-style posthumous name was Amenomihitsumi no Mikoto .
His imina ( personal name ) was Katsuragi .
It is believed that he was also called Katsuragi no Miko .
He is generally known as Naka no Oe no Oji .
" Oi no Oe " means the crown prince , and ' Naka no Oe ' means ' the next Crown Prince . '
Summary
He was the second prince of Emperor Jomei .
His mother was Princess Hatsuhime ( later Emperor Kogyoku ) .
The Empress was Yamatohime no Okimi , a daughter of his older paternal half-brother , Prince Yamatohime .
He was ordered by NAKATOMI no Kamatari and killed SOGA no Iruka and killed SOGA no Iruka , and his uncle , Emperor Kotoku ascended the throne .
Then , he established a new era name ( Taika no hen ( the Taika Reforms ) ( the central figure in the Taika Reforms ) ( the central figure of the Taika Reforms ) .
In addition , he was sentenced to death by a coup d 'etat , such as Prince Arima .
Since Baekje was destroyed by the Tang Dynasty in 660 , he returned to the Imperial Court and sent Yung KUDACHI , who was staying in the Imperial Court , and tried to restore Baekje .
He stayed in Tsukushi in order to protect Baekje , but in 666 , Emperor Saimei passed away .
After that , he was not able to succeed to the Imperial Throne , but after he was defeated in the Battle of Hakusukinoe , he moved to Otsu City after the defeat in the Battle of Hakusukinoe .
After the Battle of Hakusukinoe , the castle was established as a part of the policy of the defense of the land , fire , fire , and defense .
In addition , the rank of Jurokui ( Senior Eighth Rank , Lower Grade ) was carried out on the ninth floor of the fourteenth century .
In addition , in 670 , he made ' Koshin no Ken ' ( Notes of Koshin ) , the oldest family registration in Japan .
It is said that the Nihonshoki ( Chronicles of Japan ) that Emperor Tenchi had to succeed the throne as the first prince and Prince Otomo .
However , in the Jinshin War which occurred after the death of Emperor Tenchi , his younger brother , Prince Oama ( Emperor Tenmu ) won the Prince Otomo .
After that , the Emperor Tenmu continued to become Emperor Shotoku .
After the death of Shotoku , Prince Shirakabe , the grandson of Emperor Konin , ascended the throne as Emperor Konin , and after that , it became the Tenji line .
It is said that he was killed by Prince Oama as his wife , and he sent four daughters of Prince Oama as the wife of Prince Oama .
Brief History
626 :
July 12 , 645 : He became the Crown Prince .
August 24 , 661 :
February 20 , 668 :
December 7 , 672 : 46 years old .
( According to " Fuso Ryakki " ( A Brief History of Japan ) , it is said that there was a theory that the Emperor Tenmu 's assassination of the Emperor Tenmu was killed in the mountains of the mountain where he was killed by the Emperor Tenmu , saying , ' I will be killed in the mountains of the mountain in the mountains of the mountain , ' and it is said that he was killed by the Emperor Tenmu . )
It is a mysterious mysterious mysterious mystery in the middle of the seventh century .
There are several theories about this .
In order to support the Emperor Tenmu .
It is a mistake that the Emperor Tenmu was a younger brother of Emperor Tenchi , who was the younger brother of Emperor Tenchi , and it is based on the theory that Emperor Kogyoku married Emperor Jomei and his older brother , Emperor Tenchi .
When the Emperor Tenmu died at the age of Emperor Tenchi in " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , he was born at the age of Emperor Tenmu at the age of Emperor Tenmu .
However , there is no contradiction between the two historical materials , but there are many historical materials that have a difference between 8 and 9 .
On the other hand , there was a theory that ' the father of his father was a younger brother of his father , ' but there is a theory that ' the younger brother of his older brother , who was a younger brother , was said to be a younger brother , ' but it is said that the age of the age of 16 , which is described in " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , was the age of 16 , and when Emperor Jomei ascended the throne , he died at the age of 16 .
Therefore , the year of his birth year , the year 614 , was adopted by the Imperial Court in the same year .
" In the ancient times , it was not unusual in the ancient times , " which was not unusual in the ancient times , and it was not unusual for the Emperor Tenchi and Jito ( Empress Jito ) , which was not unusual in the ancient times .
Therefore , there was a misunderstanding .
In addition , there is also a theory that it is different from the fact that " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) was compiled in the period when it was written as " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
( Refer to the article of ' the age of Emperor Tenmu ' )
The Isshi Incident was a coup d 'etat ( Emperor Kotoku ) , and Prince Naka no Oe was dismissed from his position .
In recent years , the relationship between Naka no Oe and SOGA no Iruka was very good , and the basic policy was similar to the basic policy .
As a result , Prince Naka no Oe no Oji killed Iruka .
In addition , in the description of the Taika Reforms of Nihonshoki ( Chronicles of Japan ) , this theory came to be accepted by this theory .
In addition , the reason why the Emperor Kogyoku 's abdication was expelled after the Emperor Kogyoku 's abdication , and so on , the reason why the Soga clan had been expelled after the Emperor Kogyoku 's abdication .
It is a theory that the enthronement of Emperor Tenchi was acceded to the throne .
This is because Emperor Kotoku , who was described in " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , describes that she was a wife of Emperor Kotoku who was a wife of Emperor Tenchi ( the younger maternal half-sister of Emperor Tenchi ) .
Although she was allowed to love love with her paternal half-brothers , she was allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to have a close relationship with his maternal half-brothers , and in fact , he was disguised by his uncle , Prince Okaru ( Emperor Kotoku ) , and he was disguised by his uncle , Prince Okaru ( Emperor Kotoku ) , and he was disguised by his uncle , Ono no Okimi ( Emperor Kotoku ) .
It is said that after the death of Emperor Saimei , the Imperial Prince succeeded to the throne as the wife of the emperor , but there is a theory that there was no record of some circumstances .
In " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , there is a theory that the person who was a person who was called ' the Imperial Prince ' was the Emperor 's second emperor , and it is said that the Emperor was the Emperor 's second Emperor .
There is a theory that she was called ' the Imperial Princess , ' but it is necessary to say that she was called the Emperor Saimei , but it is not necessarily certain whether it was the Emperor Saimei .
Because of the nature of political history and historical materials , it is difficult to conclude that it is difficult to conclude the study of the study of archaeology , such as the study of archaeological results .
Poems
It is also known as the Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) in Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
In Ogura Hyakunin Isshu ( the Ogura Anthology of One Hundred Poems by One Hundred Poets ) , an honorific title for the first time in the Heian period was held , and the following poems were added to the beginning .
In the autumn of the autumn of the autumn of the autumn , the wedding of the knees in the field of the rice field is wounded .
The following one is the following one .
In addition , Mt . Kaguyama is said to have been fond of a long time , and it is not possible to say that it would not be seen from the gods of the gods and the gods of the gods .
Saionji family was a court noble who descended from the Fujiwara clan .
The Fujiwara clan was the Kanin line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan , and the family status was Seika .
The Toin family , Imadegawa family ( Kikutei family ) is a branch of the Saionji family .
He was a powerful branch of the Saionji clan , who used the name of Saionji , and the Saionji clan of Iyo Province .
The Kamon ( family crest ) is used in the left .
The Saionji family was founded by FUJIWARA no Michisue , the third son of FUJIWARA no Kinzane .
At the time of his great-grandson , Kintsune SAIONJI , who was a great-great-grandson of Michisue , he was confined to the Imperial Court as a member of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the Jokyu War , and he was confined to the Imperial Court as a relative of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was confined to the Imperial Court as a member of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and then he was appointed to the position of Daijo daijin ( Grand minister of state ) .
The family name of Saionji is derived from the name of a temple which was built in the villa of the villa of the villa in Kitayama , Kadono County , Yamashiro Province ( Kitayama villa , Kadono County , Yamashiro Province ) .
This hall was also called Kita-dono , and the current Kinkaku-ji Temple was built by Yoshimitsu ASHIKAGA from the Saionji family .
He was supported by the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) since Kintsune was supported by the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) through the Kamakura period .
Sanekane SAIONJI was close to Daikakuji-to ( the Daikakuji-to Imperial line ) and gave birth to the Cloistered Emperor Kameyama and Emperor Godaigo .
However , after FUJIWARA no Kinhira , the son of Kinhira SAIONJI , the Daikakuji Imperial line supported the Jimyoin Imperial line and deepened the conflict between Daikakuji Imperial line and the Daikakuji line .
After that , the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was dismissed from the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) at the time of Kinmochi SAIONJI .
In the remnants of the Hojo clan ( Tokoki ) , the remnants of the Hojo clan , he made a plan to assassinate Emperor Godaigo , who started the Kenmu Restoration , and made a plan to overthrow the Retired Emperor Gofushimi of the Jimyoin line , and he was arrested and executed by his younger brother Kinshige SAIONJI , and was executed .
During the period of the Northern and Southern Courts , Sanetoshi SAIONJI , a son of Kinmune , served the Northern Court ( Japan ) and returned to the position of Udaijin ( minister of the right ) .
It was also known as a family business in the Muromachi period and the Edo period .
In the early Edo period , Saneharu SAIONJI , the legitimate son of Tadaoki HOSOKAWA ( later disinherited , was disinherited ) , and the eldest daughter of Tadataka HOSOKAWA , who was the eldest son of Tadaoki HOSOKAWA ( later disinherited ) , went up to the position of Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) , but Kyuko NAGAOKA was promoted to the position of Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) and gave birth to 600 koku and gave birth to 600 koku .
At the end of the Edo period , Kinmochi SAIONJI was adopted by the Tokudaiji family of the Kanin school , and after the Meiji Restoration , he was active as a politician as a politician , and he was active as a statesman in the Taisho period and the political world in Taisho and Showa .
Incidentally , it is said that Kinmochi was a family business of the Saionji family , but it is said that he was a member of the head of the Saionji family , and it is said that he was a member of the Imperial Household Ministry , and it is said that he was a member of the Imperial Household Ministry , and it is said that he was a member of the Imperial Household Ministry , and it is said that he was a member of Gagaku ( Bureau of Gagaku ) in the Imperial Household Ministry .
Mt . Hiei is a mountain located in the western part of Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture and the northeastern part of Kyoto City .
It is a general term for the Meminamine , which is located in the border between Otsu City and Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City and Sakyo Ward ( 848.3 meters ) and Sakyo Ward , which is located in Sakyo Ward .
It is located in Otsu City and one of the three triangles of Mt . Hiei .
It is believed to be the mountains of Mt . Koya along with Mt . Koya , and it flourished with Enryaku-ji Temple and Hiyoshi Taisha Shrine .
It is included in Higashiyama ( Kyoto Prefecture ) .
It is also known as Eizan , Hokan , Tendai , and so on .
Summary
It is located in northeast , which is located in the north northeast of Kyoto , and Mt . Hiei is considered to be the mountain of the castle .
In Kojiki ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , Mt . Hiei is written as Mt . Hiuyama ( Mt . Hiei ) , and there is a description that Okuninushi no kami was enshrined in Mt . Hiuyama in Omi Province .
After Enryaku-ji Temple was opened at Mt . Hito , Oyama no kami was regarded as the guardian deity of the Tendai sect and Enryaku-ji Temple as the guardian deity of the Tendai sect and Enryaku-ji Temple .
In addition , the temple is held at the foot of Mt . Hiei at the foot of Mt . Hiei and at the foot of Mt . Hiei , Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei .
It is also popular , and there is a mountain road , which is located in Sakamoto , Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , and is located in Sakamoto , Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City ( Otsu City ) and Sakamoto ( Otsu City ) and Sakamoto ( Otsu City ) .
There are many Buddhist monks and priests who traveled between Kyoto and Enryaku-ji Temple from ancient times to Kyoto , and there are many visitors to visit the mountain .
In the Yamauchi area , the Tokai-do Road , which runs from Otsu to Ohara , Kyoto , is located .
In order to go to the top of the mountain , there is a lot of tourists visiting the mountain to the top of the mountain .
In the past , the site of Mt . Hiei was located on Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei , and it was closed until 2002 , and the site of the site of the spot was closed , and the site of the site of the site of Mt . Hiei and the site of the site of Mt . Hiei .
In addition , it was located on the side of the Kyoto side , but it was closed on November 30 , 2001 , but it was closed on November 30 , 2001 .
Mt . Hiei and Ming
According to the surveys of the land of land land , it is called Mt . Hiei and the west of Mt . Hiei , and it is also called Mt . Hiei as a general term .
In ' The Record of the Past , ' the name ' Mt . Hiei ' is called ' Mt . Hiei ' ( Mt . Hiei ) .
It is located on the border between Otsu City and Kyoto City , but it is located in Otsu City .
It is difficult to confirm the top of Mt . Hiei in the Kyoto Basin , and it is difficult to confirm the top of Mt . Hiei .
In the Eizan Electric Railway , the Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , the top of Mt . Hiei is located at the top of Mt . Hiei .
There are many theories about the name of the name of the country , and there are many theories about the name of the land of the land , such as ' Shibogatake , ' ' Shiyakuho , ' ' Shiyakuho , ' and ' Shimonoho . '
The name of Mt . Hiei , which is the name of Mt . Hiei , is derived from the Tendai sect of Buddhism , which originated from the Tendai-shu sect of the Tendai sect , which originated from the Tendai sect of the Tendai sect .
Geography
Mt . Hiei ( left on the left )
The mountain area of Tanba Province is divided into the boundary between the mountains and the flag .
Therefore , it is considered to belong to Mt . Hiei or Mt . Hiei .
Access
Mt . Hiei Railway ( Sakamoto Cable ) ( Sakamoto Cable )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Eizan Cable )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd .
Mt . Hiei Drive
Kyoto Prefectural Road 30 , Shiga Prefectural Road 30 , Kyoto Prefectural Road 30
Mt . Hiei Drive Bus Co . , Ltd . , Mt . Hiei
Keihan Bus Yamashina Office : Mt . Hiei
Kyoto Bus Arashiyama Line ( Mt . Hiei Drive Bus )
TV broadcasting station
On the side of Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , there is a TV television that is located in Kyoto Prefecture .
In the Shiga Prefecture , it has been established as an analysis .
Structure Detwork Broadcasting Corporation
April 1 , 2005 : The station started .
Industrial facilities
Bingo
In Osaka Broadcasting Co . , Ltd . , NHK Television Broadcasting Co . , Ltd . , BBS broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting , ABC , BBC , and Telephone Television broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting by the Osaka Broadcasting Co . , Ltd .
There is also a lot of people in the NHK general view , but there is a little number of people in the NHK NHK .
Tokai-do Gojusan-tsugi
In the Edo period , 53 stations of the Tokaido Road ( Tokyo Metropolitan , Chuo Ward , Tokyo ) and Kyoto ( Sanjo Ohashi Bridge ) .
It is explained in this section .
It is a Ukiyoe ( Japanese woodblock prints ) by Hiroshige UTAGAWA , who painted the fifty-three stations of Tokai-do Road .
It is a foodstuff that was sold from Susanoo .
- > Tokaido Gojusan-no-Jitsugi ( The Three Tales of Tokaido )
Tokai-do Gojusan-tsugi is a street running through the Tokaido Road , which is built in the Edo period , and the section between the Tokaido Road and the Tokaido Road , which runs along the Tokaido Road .
In many cases , there were many places where all of them were built at the site of the scenery and famous famous sites , and they were often often used as the subject of Ukiyoe ( Japanese woodblock prints ) , waka ( Japanese poetry ) and haiku .
In the case of the fifty-three syllables , it is referred to as the fifty-seven syllables , and in the case of Osaka to Osaka , it is called fifty seven .
The following are classified as follows :
The number of the number is different from Shinagawa .
* The autonomous body of autonomous autonomous autonomous autonomy in the Heisei period is also written .
Nihonbashi ( Chuo Ward , Tokyo )
1 . Shinagawa ( Shinagawa Ward , Tokyo )
2 . Kawasaki juku ( Kawasaki Ward , Kanagawa Prefecture )
3 . Kanagawa no juku ( Kanagawa Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
4.4 : Yagatani , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture
5.5 Takarazuka ( Takarazuka Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
6 . Fujisawa-juku ( Fujisawa City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
7.Hirazuka Station ( Hirazuka City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
8 . Oiki-juku ( Kanagawa Prefecture , Kanagawa Prefecture )
9 : Odawara Station ( Odawara City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
10 . Hakone juku ( located in Hakone Town , Kanagawa Prefecture )
11.3 Mishima Station ( Mishima City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
12 . Numatsu-juku ( Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
13 . Sakaido ( Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
14 . Yoshiwa-juku ( Fuji City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
15 : Gabaka-juku ( Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
16 . Yatsuijuku ( Yu-machi , Ihara County , Shizuoka Prefecture )
17 : Okuki-juku ( Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
18 : Bojiri-juku ( Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
19.: Fuchu no Kyuku ( Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
20.Muko juku ( Suruga Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
221 : Okabe no juku ( Shita County , Shizuoka Prefecture )
22 : Fujijuku Station ( Fujita City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
23 . Shimada Shuku ( Shimada City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
24.24 Kaya Shuku ( Shimada City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( former Kanaya-cho , Shimada City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
25 : Hizaka-juku ( Kakegawa City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
26.Kakegawa-juku ( Kakegawa City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
27 : Fukuroi-juku ( Fukuroi City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
28.3 m.m. ( Iwata City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
29.Hamamatsu-shuku ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
30 : Bikazuka-juku ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ) ( former Hamamatsu City , Hamamatsu City )
31 : Shinjuku ( Shinmachi , Hama County , Shizuoka Prefecture )
32 : Hakusa-juku ( Kosei City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
33 : Ichikawa-juku ( Toyohashi City , Aichi Prefecture )
434 Yoshida juku ( Toyohashi City , Aichi Prefecture )
35 : Oyuki-juku ( Toyokawa City , Aichi Prefecture )
36 : Akasaka juku ( Toyokawa City , Aichi Prefecture )
37 : Fujikawa-juku ( Okazaki City , Aichi Prefecture )
38 : Okazaki-juku ( Okazaki City , Aichi Prefecture )
339 : Oiki-koiki-juku ( Chichi City , Aichi Prefecture )
40 : Naruki-juku ( Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture )
441 Miyako-juku ( Atsuta Ward , Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture )
42 Kuwana juku ( Kuwana City , Mie Prefecture )
43 : Yokkaichi City ( Mie Prefecture )
444 : Yakushi Yakushijuku ( Suzuka City , Mie Prefecture )
45 : Shoya juku ( Suzuka City , Mie Prefecture )
46 : Kameyama Station ( Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
47 : Sekiyado ( Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
448 : Sakasuke juku ( located in Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
449 Doshuku Shuku ( Koka City , Shiga Prefecture )
50 : Minakuuchi-juku ( Koka City , Shiga Prefecture )
51 : Iwabe no juku ( located in Konan City , Shiga Prefecture )
52 : Kusatsu-juku ( Kusatsu City , Shiga Prefecture )
553 Otsu-juku ( Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture )
Sanjo Ohashi Bridge ( Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
According to one theory , it is said that Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , who was a priest of the Kegon-kyo Sutra ( the Lotus Sutra ) of the Kegon-kyo Sutra ( the Lotus Sutra ) , took over the position of Yuken Bosatsu ( the Bodhisattva of Fugen Bosatsu ) from the order of Monju Bosatsu ( Bodhisattva of Fugen Bosatsu ) , and it is said that the station was located in Kyoto ( Kegata ) from Kyoto ( Kegata ) to Kyoto ( Fugen Bosatsu ) .
The Kyoto Kaido Road ( Osaka Kaido Road ) was established in 1619 and was established in 1619 .
It is sometimes called the Tokai-do Road of the Tokaido Road , which is also called Kyo-kaido Road .
In the case of the Tokaido Road to the Kyo-kaido Road , Sanjo-Ohashi Bridge is located in the southwest of Otsu Ohashi ( Oita Town , Otsu City ) , which is located in the southwest of Fushimi-juku ( Otsu City , Otsu City ) .
It is classified according to the Ritsuryo system .
The first number of the number is different .
The number of the second number is Shinagawa juku ( Musashi Province ) .
54 : Fushimi-juku ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
55 Yodo-juku ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
556 Hirakata-juku ( Hirakata City , Osaka Prefecture )
5.Moriguchi-juku Station ( Moriguchi City , Osaka Prefecture )
Goryeo ( Chuo Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture )
In the past , it was located in Kyobashi ( Chuo Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture ) .
" Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) was written in the middle of the Heian period , and it is said that it was written by Shonagon , Shonagon ( chief councilor of state ) in the mid-Heian period .
" Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Harunoke-sho " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Shunsho Soshi " ( The Pillow Book of the Past ) , is the oldest manuscript in the Kamakura period .
It was also referred to as " Seisho Shonagon . "
In the " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , he had a great influence on renga ( linked verse ) , haikai ( a traditional Japanese poem of thirty-one syllables ) , and Kanazoshi ( a Japanese syllabary ) , and so on .
It is also referred to as " Hojoki " by Chomei YOSHIDA and " Tsurezuregusa " written by Kaneyoshi YOSHIDA , and it is also referred to as the three major history of Japan .
It has been pointed out that there is a similar description in " Yoshiyama-sanzusan " which was written in the late Tang Dynasty in the late Tang Dynasty , which was a very unique body , and there is no description of the book .
According to the book on the end of the chapter , the origin of the book was made by FUJIWARA no Korechika , Naidaijin ( Minister of the Interior ) , who was a younger sister of FUJIWARA no Korechika , who was a younger sister of FUJIWARA no Korechika , who was a younger sister of FUJIWARA no Korechika , who was a younger sister of FUJIWARA no Korechika , who had been expensive expensive at the time , and he answered , ' The Emperor 's side is to be seen in the Makura . '
In addition , according to the fact that it was given the paper from the Imperial Palace , it was given that the book was given to the original text , " Makura no Makura " ( The Pillow of the Makura no Makura ( The Pillow of the Pillow Makura ) , " Makura no Makura no Makura " ( The Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura ( The Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura ( The Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura ( The Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura ) )
There is a theory that the name ' Makura no Soshi ' comes from this .
According to the " Makura no Soshi no Kenkyu " ( The Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi ) , he was a researcher in the past , and the researchers such as Shinobu ORIGUCHI , Nobuo IKEDA and Kikan IKEDA .
The following is a representative theory of the Makura .
Structure : ' The Makura no Makura ' ( The Makura no Makura ) , which is said to be the ' Makura no Makura ' ( The Pillow ) .
There is a lot of books that have been written by the author , " Makura no makura " ( The Makura Makura ) , " Shinju " ( literally , " Letter " ) , and so on .
Riboku Bokuroku : It is said to be a zoshi ( a kind of demon ) , which is also placed as a zoshi ( a kind of mackerel ) .
The theory of Hokuzo
Religious theory
However , there is no clear theory .
In addition , " Eiga Monogatari " ( The Pillow Book ) was used as a common name for the beauty of the beautiful beauty of " Eiga Monogatari " ( The Pillow Book ) .
At the time of the first time , the first work was written by the author , MINAMOTO no Tsunefusa , in 996 , by the author of the left , MINAMOTO no Tsunefusa , who was the head of the family .
Even after that , there is a description that it was written in the end of the Kanei era , and it is said that it was written in the end of the Kanei era .
The text of " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) written in " The Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) written in " The Tale of Genji , " which is written in " The Tale of Genji " ( The Tale of Genji ) , is a complicated process .
The difference between the biographies of the book is quite large .
It consists of three volumes , and it consists of three volumes .
It is a book written in 1228 , which is said to have been written by FUJIWARA no Teika , who was called " Go-o " ( literally , " great man " ) , which was written by FUJIWARA no Teika .
It is considered that it is easy to read ' Buni Bunzashi ' and is considered to be close to the oldest .
In addition , the two types of Kikan IKEDA were classified into two types .
The first book is a transcription that started from the beginning of the beginning of the first volume of the first book , ' The spring of the spring , ' which started from the beginning of the beginning .
It is about 230 .
Yomei Bunko Library : A collection of the Imperial Household Archives , the Imperial Household Archives , and the Takamatsu-no-miya family .
The second book ( Otomono ) - 300 .
Yatomi Temio : A book owned by the Yatomi Library , a book owned by the Date family owned by the Date family , a book owned by the Kajuji family , and the old edition of the Kanjuji Library , and the old book owned by the Kanjuji Library .
It is said that he had a relationship with Shonagon , who was a relative of Shonagon , and the wife of TACHIBANA no Norinaga ( a wife of TACHIBANA no Norinaga , who was a son of FUJIWARA no Norinaga , who was a son of Shonagon ) .
It came back to the end of the Kamakura period .
At the end of the three volumes of the book , there is a theory that there is a theory that the original version of the book is that the original version of the book is the same as the original version of the original book .
It is about 230 books for the beginning of the beginning .
300 books
It is called " Ruiju . "
It was written in the Muromachi period .
There is a record that Hirokata KIYOHARA , who was a priest who lived in Sakai , was copied by Shiken KIYOHARA , who was a priest who lived in Sakai .
The second volume .
The diary is not included in Nikki ( diary of diary ) .
Gokogon-in Temple : 190 story .
There is a record that Emperor Gokogon was copied .
It was written by Shinkan .
It is one of the 95 stories .
There are two kinds of two types .
In general , Sakamoto-bon refers to this .
It is one volume of volume 107 .
It is one of two volumes .
The third volume is 102 .
It is one of the four stories .
Vol . 5 .
It is called " Ruiju . "
There are only Kaga Province , Maeda family , and others .
It is a box with gold and silver powder , and in the box , it is called " Seishuromakura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book of the Past ) .
It is an important cultural property .
It is said to be the oldest copy of " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) in the early Kamakura period .
Among this , the book is written in " Gunsho Ruiju " ( Collection of Gunsho Ruiju ) , which is written in " Gunsho Ruiju " ( Collection of Gunsho Ruiju [ Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ] ) , and the three types of Sakamoto-bon are included in " Shin Gunsho Ruiju " ( Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Classics ) .
In addition , in the early Edo period ( Kanei era ) , the original text was used as the original text in the early Edo period ( Kanei era ) and " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , and " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) and " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) .
However , it was reevaluated by Shigetaro TANAKA ( 1917 - 1987 ) , and after World War II , it was read as the second book , and after the Second World War , it was read as a textbook .
In addition , " Makura no Soshi Ekotoba " ( The Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi ) , which is believed to have been used in the text of the book , was written in the late Kamakura period , and " Makura no Soshi Ekotoba " ( The Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi [ The Pillow Book ] ) and " Makura no Soshi Ekotoba " ( The Pillow Book ) .
The second volume of the three volumes is more independent than 300 .
The ' Mushi no Hana ' ( The Pillow ) , ' Mushi no Hana ' ( The Pillow of the Past ) , ' Utsuji kuru ' , ' Utsuji kuru , ' ' Utsusukuru , ' and so on , and the author of the Imperial Court 's court society , such as ' Eigiju-dan ' ( diary of a diary ) and the author of the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court of the Imperial Court , who visited the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court and the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court in the vicinity of the Empress Teishi .
However , the classification of classification is unclear ( for example , the first section of ' spring , spring , ' but there is also a different opinion ) .
It is written in a simplified style of Japanese style which was written in hiragana ( Japanese syllabary characters ) , which was written in a simple style , which was written in a simple style , and a short story of his lord , Sadako , tried to reflect the situation of the fall of the chancellor of the Chancellor of the Chancellor of the Chancellor .
The author of the author was sophisticated , and in " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , he made a strong sense of beauty in " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , and the world of " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) .
Program
In the Makura no Soshi ( The Pillow Book ) , there is a lot of human nature and nature , and it is a kind of fashion , which is based on a variety of texts , as well as a variety of texts .
According to the Itsuki , which was made by the next generation , there was a distinction between the two parts of the text , and in the meantime , it was very Ayanokumi , which was not known by the nature of the cavalry , and therefore , it was not Ayanakari ( literally , " Tenma " ) .
The word ' Suibushi - Toki ' ( Spring ) , which is seen in the Kokin Wakashu ( A Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ) , is a challenge in the middle of the middle section , as follows : ' spring and flower , ' which is seen in Kokin Wakashu ( A Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ) , is a challenge of the readers who have been familiar with traditional Japanese poetry , and they are in the middle section .
It is a mysterious life of the Empress Teishi .
It was written in order to keep the soul of Sadako , which was written by the Michitaka family .
Therefore , it is not clear that Michitaka 's family declined .
In addition to the above , there is a description in which the chugu is written by the chugu ( the second consort of the Emperor ) and Chugu ( the second consort of an emperor ) , and in the period of the Emperor 's reign , he insisted that he would live in the world of the emperor , and he insisted that he would live in the world of the emperor .
criticism of criticism
It is a Asakusa sama ( a kind of Japanese dancer ) , who was from the rank of Shonagon ( a chief councilor of state ) , who was from the same school , and tried to go to the upper school .
( It is not possible to say that the social status of the family was not allowed to have a high rank . )
There was no record of ' the record of Teishi no Miya , ' but it was not written by the qualification of ' . '
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA was the 15th Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) on December 9 , 1866 .
He was the only shogun who did not participate in Edo Castle as a shogun .
He was awarded the rank of Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) , Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) , Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) .
It was the House of Peers ( Japan ) .
After the death of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , the 14th shogun of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , he was appointed as the 15th shogun of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
After the Emperor Meiji , he returned to the government , but in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi after the Imperial Rule ( Japan ) , he returned to Edo-jo Castle from the Imperial Court , and was confined by the Imperial Court .
In the Meiji period , he was dismissed from his house , and he lived until the Taisho period , and lived until the Taisho period .
It is also read as ' Yoshinobu ' or ' Ikki . '
There is a record of the official documents of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the official documents of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In addition , there is a description of ' a ' in the Japanese newspaper and English newspaper .
In Mito City , which is the birthplace , it is often called ' Yoshino , ' but in Shizuoka City , it is often called ' Ikki ' in Shizuoka City .
According to the people who know Yoshinobu before his life , Yoshinobu 's younger brother , Akitake TOKUGAWA , was called ' Ikki , ' and his younger brother , Akitake TOKUGAWA , was called ' Ikki . '
Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA , who succeeded Yoshinobu after Yoshinobu , is said to have been called ' ekiju . '
The two types of ' Ikeki-sama ' and ' Iki-san ' can be confirmed , and they are often used in various places , but they are often used in various places , but they are often used in various places in the case where they are often used .
Ryotaro SHIBA is said to have been a member of the former retainers of the former retainers of the former Shogunate , but it is also possible that he was very popular among the people of Higo Domain who had been overthrown by overthrowing the Shogunate .
On September 29 , 1837 , he was born as the seventh son of Nariaki TOKUGAWA , the seventh son of the ninth lord of the Mito Domain in Edo .
His mother was Princess Yoshiko ( the third son of the third shogun , Iemitsu TOKUGAWA ) , and his mother was the lawful wife of Iemitsu TOKUGAWA .
However , the real mother of Iemitsu is said to have been the lawful wife of Hidetada , the lawful wife of Hidetada , but there is a theory that the wife of Kasuga no Tsubone was his mother .
His childhood name was Shichiro .
According to the education policy of Nariaki , who was said to go to the domain of the Mito Domain , he moved to the Mito Domain in seven months after his birth , and he had a lot of military arts and martial arts from the Tokugawa family to succeed to the Hitotsubashi Tokugawa family .
It seems that Nariaki did not have any attention since the time of Yoshinobu , and when Nariaki was adopted by the other family , Nariaki was not adopted by his eldest son ( legitimate son ) and Yoshiatsu TOKUGAWA .
On August 1 , 1847 , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to the Mito Domain , and was ordered to be the successor of the Hitotsubashi family of the Mito Domain .
After that , he inherited the Hitotsubashi family on September 1 , and took the name of Yoshinobu from the twelfth Shogun , Ieyoshi TOKUGAWA , and called himself the 12th Shogun Ieyoshi TOKUGAWA .
Ieyoshi visited the residence of Yoshinobu as a candidate candidate for Shogun 's heir , but he was remonstrated by Masahiro ABE , roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) .
In 1853 , the next shogun , Ieyoshi , died of illness , and the 13th shogun , Iesada TOKUGAWA , who succeeded to the position of the shogun , died in poor health , and the 13th shogun Iesada TOKUGAWA , who had succeeded to the throne , had a problem .
There was a conflict between Nariaki and Masahiro ABE , who recommended Yoshinobu , and the lord of the Hikone Domain , Naosuke II , the lord of the Hitotsubashi clan , who was the lord of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain , Keifuku TOKUGAWA , who was the lord of the Kishu Domain , Keifuku TOKUGAWA , who was the lord of the Kishu Domain .
The Hitotsubashi group went to O-oku as an adopted daughter of Nariakira SHIMAZU , and in 1858 , Masahiro ABE , Nariakira SHIMAZU , and Nariakira SHIMAZU , who had lost their power and became Tairo ( chief minister ) , and Naosuke II , who became Tairo ( chief minister ) in 1858 , and Naosuke II , who became Tairo ( chief minister ) in 1858 .
In the same year , Naosuke II took charge of the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and Japan .
Yoshinobu asked Nariaki , the lord of Fukui Domain , and Yoshiakira MATSUDAIRA , who was the lord of the Fukui Domain , but on the other hand , he was sentenced to retire in the following year , and in 1859 , he was suspended by his retirement in 1859 ( Ansei no Taigoku [ Ansei no Taigoku ] ) .
On the other hand , when Yoshinobu was not able to become the heir of shogun , he sent his letter to Nariaki , saying , ' I will not be able to take over the country , but I will not take over the country . '
In 1860 , he was confined .
In 1862 , when the Satsuma army of Satsuma Domain led by Hisamitsu SHIMAZU entered Edo , the Imperial envoy , Shigetomi OHARA , went to Edo , and ordered the Emperor Komei , who was the guardian of the shogun , and the Emperor Komei , who was the Shogun 's guardian , should be appointed to Tairo ( chief minister ) .
On July 6 , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was appointed to Yoshinobu , and Shungaku was appointed to the post of president of Shungaku .
On the occasion of the Bunkyu Reforms , Shungaku carried out the reform of the shogunate government , which was called the Bunkyu Reforms , and in the case of Sankinkotai ( a system of centralized government based on the ritsuryo code ) , he was established .
In 1863 , he went to Kyoto as a member of the Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and worked hard to negotiate with the Imperial Court with the expulsion of foreigners .
When Emperor Komei visited Iwashimizu Hachiman-gu Shrine , Iemochi was given an audience with Iemochi , who was given an audience with the Emperor , and he was forced to take an audience with Iemochi , and he was forced to take an audience with Iemochi .
In the Coup of August 18 , the Sonno Joi ha ( supporters of the expulsion of foreigners ) and the Sonno Joi ha ( supporters of the expulsion of foreigners ) were expelled by the Choshu Domain , and in the conference , he went to Kyoto again to participate in the conference .
However , if the conference did not have any conference , he became drunk at the sake brewery with Imperial Prince Kuninomiya Asahiko , who had been drunk at the meeting with Imperial Prince Kuninomiya Asahiko , who had been drunk at the meeting , and he made a violent saying , ' I am to get off from Shimazu from Shimazu , ' and so on .
After that , the Imperial Court stayed in Kyoto and was appointed to the Governor-General of the Imperial Court , and was appointed to the post of Shugo ( provincial constable ) , Katamori MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of the Aizu Domain ) , and Sadaaki MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of the Kuwana Domain ) ( the lord of the Kuwana Domain ) , who was a loyal retainer of the Imperial Court , and took control of the court nobles and court nobles .
In the Rebellion of Tenguto , the retainers of the Mito Domain , such as Yusai TAKEDA , who supported Yoshinobu supported Yoshinobu , and the retainers of the Mito Domain , who supported Yoshinobu .
In 1864 , he commanded the army of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the Kinmon Incident , and attacked the Choshu army which occupied the Takatsukasa residence .
After the conquest of Choshu , the Imperial sanction of the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and the United States .
In the second conquest of Choshu in 1866 , Yoshinobu received an imperial order to conquer Choshu Domain .
However , the Satsuma clan , who formed the Choshu Alliance , was defeated and the army of the bakufu was defeated .
On July 20 , the second conquest of Choshu , Iemochi died in Osaka-jo Castle .
Yoshinobu issued an imperial rescript to the Imperial Court , and succeeded to the conclusion of the war .
He was recommended by Iemochi , but Yoshinobu refused this .
On August 20 , the Tokugawa Shogun family inherited the position of shogun , but he continued to resign .
After that , roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) asked the shogun , and on December 5 , he was given the title of shogun to Shogun , and on December 5 , he assumed the position of shogun .
In this way , the shogun was able to become a shogun , and he tried to take advantage of politics .
Yoshinobu , who was a minister of France , was a French minister , and he established a military reform of 240,000 dolls from France to 240 million liters , and established a military system to establish a military system to establish a military reform .
In addition , he encouraged his younger brother Akitake TOKUGAWA , who was a retainer of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , who sent his younger brother , Akitake TOKUGAWA .
In the issue of Hyogo Port , he received an imperial sanction by the Imperial Court .
On October 14 , 1867 , Yoshinobu , who was ' a secret imperial order to overthrow the Shogunate , ' was given to the Imperial Court , and on October 14 , 1867 , he was allowed to return to the Imperial Court ( Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) ) .
It is said that the Imperial Court should not have any political power in the Imperial Court , and it is said that the Tokugawa regime tried to establish the Tokugawa regime .
However , Toshimichi OKUBO , Tomomi IWAKURA and Tomomi IWAKURA , who aimed to overthrow the Shogunate , were issued in December , and Yoshinobu was ordered to be the Minister of the Imperial Palace , and Yoshinobu was ordered to be appointed as Naidaijin ( Minister of the Interior ) .
Yoshinobu withdrew from Osaka-jo Castle to avoid conflict , and in the Imperial Court , he was ordered to be a minister of foreign countries , and he tried to make a decisive form to the Imperial Court , and in addition to the Imperial Court , he was allowed to take over the land to the Imperial Court .
However , in 1868 , the Satsuma Domain raised an army and raised an army in Edo City , and the Aizu Domain and Kuwana Domain in Kyoto .
However , in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi which broke out on January 3 , the army of the former bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and the army of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) did not have any military power , and in the battle , he retreated to Edo and retreated to Edo in " Kaiyo maru . "
Until the time , the government army led by Yoshinobu , and the government army led by Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito , the supreme commander , started the expedition to the east .
Yoshinobu insisted that he was to suppress the resistance of the battle against Tadazane OGURI .
In February , he took over the situation by Kaishu KATSU and confined himself in the Kanei-ji Temple in Kozuke Province .
Also , the head of the Tokugawa family handed over the family estate of the head of the Tokugawa family ( later Iemochi TOKUGAWA ) .
When the negotiation negotiated with the Imperial army and the Imperial army , the negotiations with the Imperial army and Takamori SAIGO were forced to move to Mito , and they were forced to move to Mito Domain , and they were confined in the room of the domain school .
In July , the Tokugawa family moved to Sunpu , which was transferred to the Tokugawa family .
Enshin HARA ( a retainer of the Mito Domain , a feudal retainer of the Mito Domain )
Shiro HIRAOKA ( a vassal of the Hitotsubashi Tokugawa family )
Saigyo ( a political adviser to the shogun Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA )
Toki TOKI
Chojuro NAKANE ( a vassal of the Tokugawa family )
Magotaro UMEZAWA
Ejuro KAWAKAMI
Chikamochi MATSUDAIRA
In September 1869 , he was dismissed from confinement in the Boshin War .
After that , he was not involved in politics , but he had to live in his life , such as photographs , hunting , and so on .
In 1897 , he moved to Sugamo , Tokyo .
In the following year , he visited the Imperial Palace and had an audience with Emperor Meiji .
In 1902 , he was conferred a title of a peerage , and the head of the family was the head of the family .
In 1910 , he transferred the family estate to Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA and retired .
In 1913 , he died .
He died at the age of 77 at the age of 77 .
* It is written on the day of the Tenpo calendar until 1872 .
1847
On September 1 , he inherited the Hitotsubashi family .
December 1 : He changed his name to Yoshinobu .
On the same day , he was appointed to Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) Sakone gon no chujo ( Provisional Middle Captain of the Left Division of Inner Palace Guards ) and Gyobukyo ( Minister of Justice ) .
On December 3 , 1855 , she married Takako , an adopted daughter of Tadataka ICHIJO .
He was appointed to Sangi ( councilor ) .
In 1857 , he became a candidate for the succession of Iesada TOKUGAWA .
In August 1859 , he was confined in confinement in the Ansei no Taigoku ( suppression of Ansei no Taigoku ) .
In September 1860 , he was confined under house arrest .
1862
On July 6 , he succeeded the Hitotsubashi family .
On the same day , he assumed the position of guardian of the shogun .
November : He was transferred to Gon Chunagon ( a provisional vice-councilor of state ) .
In December 1863 , he was appointed to the Imperial Court .
1864
On March 9 , he resigned from the Council of State .
On March 25 , he resigned from the post of shogun .
On the same day , he was appointed to the post of the governor of the Imperial Palace for the Imperial Palace , and was appointed to the post of Kaisei-seishi ( Commander-in-Chief of the Imperial Palace ) .
In the Kinmon Incident , he took part in the battle .
1866
On July 30 , he resigned from the post of the governor of the Imperial Palace .
August 20 : He succeeded to the head of the Tokugawa family .
On December 5 , he was appointed to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) and Ukone no daisho ( Major Captain of the Right Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
On the same day , he was appointed as Seii Taishogun .
1867
September : He was transferred to Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) .
Retained his position as Ukone no daisho .
On October 14 , he returned to Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) .
On December 9 , he resigned from the post of Seii Taishogun .
April 11 , 1868 : He was dismissed .
September 28 , 1869 : He was dismissed .
On January 6 , 1872 , he returned to Jushii ( Junior Fourth Rank , Lower Grade ) .
May 18 , 1880 : He was promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) .
June 20 , 1888 : He was promoted to Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) .
On November 19 , 1897 , he moved to Tokyo .
On March 2 , 1898 , he had an audience with Emperor Meiji ( after Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) ) .
On June 3 , 1902 , he was conferred a peerage .
The head family of the Tokugawa family was allowed to establish the establishment of ' Tokugawa Yoshinobu ( a peerage ) . '
Kizokuin ( December 1910 )
1908
On April 30 , he received the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun with the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun .
On December 8 , he retired .
He died on November 22 , 1913 .
On the same day , he was awarded the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun .
In order to learn military arts and learning , he was born in the environment of various martial arts , and he was a master of swordsmanship , and he was a master of swordsmanship .
After Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , he was counted as one of the most famous persons in swordsmanship , and he was counted as one of the most famous persons in swordsmanship .
It is said that his father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , tried to take the tonsure when his father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , became a member of the Tokugawa family when he was the successor of the Tokugawa family , and when he went to the front , he made a sword to make a sword .
On the other hand , there is an anecdote about the assassination of the assassination of the Emperor .
Although it is said that the photograph of Yoshinobu was his childhood , but it is doubtful whether he was a child of Yoshinobu , but it is doubtful whether he was a child of Yoshinobu .
It is said that he visited Iemochi , who had been ill , and at that time , it is said that it was a meeting .
He was known by his father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , and his real father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , praised Yoshinobu as ' the head of the Tokugawa family , ' and he was given the position of shogun to the shogun , saying that ' Ieyasu TOKUGAWA rewarded the line of Tokugawa , ' and he was praised as the shogun to become a shogun .
Yoshinobu , who was also known for the overthrowing of the Shogunate , was also known for the overthrowing of the Shogunate , and Takayoshi KIDO of the Choshu Domain was not known .
He was in charge of the reclamation of Ieyasu .
Ryoma SAKAMOTO and Ryoma SAKAMOTO visited the decision of Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) .
They are not able to pay it , but they are not able to pay it .
As a result , he received the evaluation of his life , saying , ' I will give him the position of Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) of the new government . '
However , in the Meiji period ( after the death of Ryoma ) , there was a person named Ryoma .
Although it was not only limited to Yoshinobu , the name of Ryoma was very very low than that after the Meiji Restoration .
In the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , he was defeated in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , and he was criticized by the enemy of the enemy .
At that time , there were some people who were forbidden by Ieyasu , but there were some people who could not forget that they could not forget their favorite mistresses .
However , there is a theory that it was necessary to prevent the military force in Edo and Musashi Province , and when Yoshinobu became the enemy of the Imperial Court , he was forced to defend the Osaka-jo Castle because Yoshinobu was the enemy of the Imperial Court , and therefore , there was no need to prevent foreign countries to prevent foreign countries .
Since the new government was considered to be the enemy of the new government , it is evaluated that the Emperor and the Imperial Court were highly regarded as a person who had been confined in Kanei-ji Temple and confined himself in Kanei-ji Temple , and therefore , it was also said that the Emperor and the Imperial Court did not show the fact that he was the lord of the Emperor and the Imperial Court , however , he was also said to have been the lord of his lord .
It is highly evaluated that the independence of the government was to be transferred to the Meiji Restoration due to the fact that he was forced to move to the government due to his discretion , and he was able to transfer the government to the Meiji Restoration .
Eichi SHIBUSAWA , a businessman , was a vassal of the Tokugawa family , and after the Meiji Restoration , he had a close friendship after the Meiji Restoration .
In the later years of Yoshinobu , Shibuzawa tried to persuade Yoshinobu in his later years , and established a ' Yakuyukai ' ( a dream of a dream ) , who had been persuaded by Yoshinobu .
It is written in " Yakuyukai Shoki " ( The Record of Yume Yume ) .
It is written in the style of a part of a part of the story , and it can be seen in the old age of Yoshinobu 's old age .
It is said that he was good at the time when he was at the age of age , saying , ' Hisamitsu SHIMAZU was not very good , but Hisamitsu SHIMAZU , who was not a good person , was a person who was not good , ' and ' Naomasa NABESHIMA was a man . '
These materials were completed after the death of Yoshinobu , and " Tokugawa Yoshinobu koden " ( Biography of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ) .
In order to show respect to the Emperor Meiji , who was considered to be the enemy of the Imperial Court , Yoshinobu , who was the highest rank of kazoku ( the highest rank in the Heian period ) , told him to show respect to the Emperor Meiji , who was the highest rank for the peerage .
For this reason , the grave of Yoshinobu was not a graveyard of the Tokugawa family of the Tokugawa family , which was also a graveyard of the Tokugawa family of the Tokugawa family , and a large keyhole-shaped tomb mound was built at the site of the Tokugawa family of the Tokugawa family .
This was because the Imperial mausoleum of Emperor Komei was a complaint , and it was because the Imperial mausoleum of the Emperor Komei .
After he was pardoned , he spent his life as a retainer of the former retainers of the former shogun , Shizuka ITAKURA , saying that he would have been good for his life , saying , ' I want to take action with Yoshinobu . '
In the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , there was a strong image of a weak image in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , but in recent years , he tried to establish a new political system after the Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , and in addition to the broadcasting of the Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , he was reevaluated .
His father , Nariaki , was a specialty of the Satsuma Domain , and it was called ' bubu sama ' ( a kind of pork and pork ) .
In addition , in his later years , he gained interest in the Western culture , and in his later years , he was interested in a photograph of a photographs , such as a photographs , a camphor , a camphor , a camphor , and so on , but in the era of the shogun , he was also said to have learned French , and he was also able to learn French .
It is famous as a Mramman , but it seems that the technique of studio was not promoted .
His photographs was often found in photographs , but it is said that he was not adopted .
In addition , the photographs of the great-grandchild , Yoshiyuki TOKUGAWA , was a Mramman Mramman , and the photographs was found by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , and the photographs were found in the possession of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
His real younger brother , Akitake TOKUGAWA , was his younger brother .
On December 3 , 1859 , she married Kako ICHIJO ( later changed his name to Kako ) .
The eldest daughter ( the daughter of Emperor Konin ) was born on July 16 , 1858 , but died young on July 20 .
After that , his child was born between Mimasaka and the eleventh daughter , who was born in the Meiji period , was a daughter of two concubines .
There was a daughter of the seventh son , Yoshihisa , who was the seventh son of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who succeeded to the position of Kin ( a title given to the Emperor ) , and his tenth son , Yoshihisa , who was a son-in-law of Kaishu KATSU and the wife of Kaishu KATSU .
In addition , Yoshihisa 's son was Kikuko , the wife of Imperial Prince Nobuhito , who was the wife of Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA and the wife of Takamatsu no Miya Imperial Prince Nobuhito .
His lawful wife was Tomiko ICHIJO ( the daughter of Kinhisa IMADEGAWA ) ( the daughter of Kinhisa IMADEGAWA ) ( the daughter of Kinhisa IMADEGAWA and the adopted daughter of Tadataka ICHIJO , the adopted daughter of Tadataka ICHIJO ) .
His concubine : Shinobu NISHIMURA ( a daughter of Masataka MATSUDAIRA , a daughter of Masataka MATSUDAIRA , died on February 8 , 1905 ) .
The first son : Keiji ( June 29 , 1871 - May 22 , 1872 )
The eldest daughter : Kagemiko ( married on March 23 , 1883 to September 29 , 26 )
3 : Tekko ( December 30 , 1890 - December 10 , 1910 )
fifth son : Chikahiro IKEDA ( adopted by Teruko IKEDA , August 25 , 1877 - January 1 , 1948 )
sixth son : Narinari ( August 17 , 1878 - November 28 , 1878 )
The sixth daughter : Yoshiko ( August 24 , 1880 - September 29 , 1880 )
9 : Tsuneko ( January 9 , 1897 - August 18 , 1939 )
The seventh son : Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA ( September 2 , 1884 - January 22 , 1911 )
11 : Hideko ( April 29 , 1911 - July 5 , 1913 )
The tenth son : Masakiyo ( January 20 , 1899 - July 10 , 1918 ) was a son-in-law of Kaishu KATSU ( a son of Kaishu KATSU ) .
His concubine : Kinyuki NAKANE ( the eldest daughter of Yoshizaburo NAKANE , died on December 29 , 1915 )
Second son : Zenji ( September 8 , 1871 - March 10 , 1872 )
Third son : Takuma ( October 5 , 1872 - July 5 , 1873 )
fourth son : Shigehiro TOKUGAWA ( February 21 , 1874 - June 12 , 1930 )
second daughter : Kinshi ( April 3 , 1875 - July 22 , 1875 )
The fourth daughter : Shoshi ( December 26 , 1895 to November 30 , 1907 ) , the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA , the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA , the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA , to November 30 , 1907 .
The fifth daughter : Shoko ( August 17 , 1878 - October 8 , 1878 )
The seventh daughter : Shishi ( married on December 7 , 1895 to January 13 , 1959 )
The eighth daughter : Kuniko ( May 7 , 1901 to September 11 , 1942 )
The tenth daughter : Ishi ( on May 19 , 1906 , she was married to Takatsu SHIJO , the wife of Takachika SHIJO , and September 18 , 19th to October 11 , 28 )
The death of a boy ( died on August 22 , 1884 )
eighth son : Josei ( September 22 , 1885 - July 2 , 1886 )
The ninth son : Tokugawa ( October 31 , 1887 - November 11 , 43 )
The age of death : A woman ( died on June 2 , 1891 )
His concubine : Yoshio ( a daughter of Tatsugoro NITTA )
novels
" The last Shogun - Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA " ( Ryotaro SHIBA )
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA "
Film
" Mibu Shinden Eiga " ( 2003 ) ( 2003 ) : Hiroaki ITO
Paintings
" Ryoma " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1968 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" O-oku ( Television Television ) , 1968 , " ( 1968 ) , " Television Television " ( 1968 )
" Kaishu Kaishu ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 1974 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Hanagami ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 1977 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Ryoma " ( 1982 ) ( 1982 , TV Tokyo Shintoichi Geki , Ltd . , Ltd . , Ltd . )
" O-oku ( Television Television ) , 1983 , " ( 1983 ) , " Television Television " ( 1983 )
" Shirate-tai " ( NHK Television Television Television Television ) ( 1986 )
" Hana no Ii Ii Tairo " ( The Ii no Ii Tairo ) ( 1988 ) , " Sakurada-mon Gate , " ( 1988 )
" Goryokaku ( TV drama ) " ( 1988 , NHK Television Television )
" Shojo " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1990 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Kaishu Kaishu ( Television drama ) " ( 1990 )
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA " ( 1998 , NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1998 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" O-oku ( Television Television ) 2003 " ( 2003 ) , production and works ( in 2003 , Television Television , Television , etc . )
" Also , it is also written by the name of Shoden-dono , " and " Okuri no Nonosuke , " ( 2003 , NHK New Year 's drama ) ( 2003 ) : " Tetsuji OGURI " ( 2003 )
" Shinsengumi ! ! " ( 2004 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Atsuhime ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 2008 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Yume Yai Shoki " ( The Record of Yume Yume )
' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA Ken ' ( Eisichi SHIBUSAWA )
" Meiji - Tokugawa Yoshinobu " ( Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ) , the Asahi Shimbun Co . , Ltd . , ISBN 40225555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555
Notes
The Nara Line is a railway line of West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) which runs from Kizu Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) from Kizugawa City , Kyoto Prefecture ( Kyoto Prefecture ) to Kyoto Station , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The entire line is included in the suburban area of the city .
As a branch line of the Kansai Main Line , the operation of the station is located at Kizu Station , but the trains bound for Kizu Station to Kizu Station ( the number of train numbers ) , which are operated by the trains ( the number of trains ) are used .
The following lines are available from Kyoto from Kyoto to Kizu .
It is said that the color of the color is the color of the tea ceremony , which is said to be ' the image of the old capital of the old capital . '
Jurisdiction : West Japan Railway Company ( railway business )
The distance distance ( kilometers ) : 434 km
Track line : 1067mm
Number of stations : 19 ( including the end of the station )
The track section : The section between Nitta and Uji , and JR Fujimori - Kyoto
Electrified section : The entire line ( 1500V )
Block ( railway ) : Automatic block system ( a track section ) and a single automatic block system ( a single track )
Passenger equipment : automated machine
Service Office : Shin-Osaka General Committee
The highest speed speed : 110km / h ( track section ) : 95 km / h ( track section )
The Kyoto Branch of the West Japan Railway Company ( Kizu Station ) is under the control of the West Japan Railway Company ( Kizu Station , which is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ) .
The line between Kyoto Station and Kizu Station is designated as the Nara Line , but the entire section is located in Kyoto Prefecture , and there are no bus routes in Nara Prefecture .
This is due to the fact that the Nara Railway was constructed between Kyoto and Nara , and after the Kansai Railway was merged into the Kansai Railway , it was separated from Osaka and Nagoya .
However , the trains run from Kizu Station to the Kansai Main Line ( Yamatoji Line ) and Nara Station , Nara Prefecture .
JR West ( JR Kyoto Line and JR Kobe Line ) was established on March 13 , 1988 , but the Nara Line was sent to the Nara Line .
Because the Kintetsu Nara Line is the Kintetsu Nara Line , it is sometimes referred to as ' JR Nara Line . '
At the time of Japan National Railways ( Japan National Railways ) , the Japanese National Railways ( Japan National Railways ) was designated as the ' Nara Line , ' and the English name of the announcement was added .
The Kintetsu Nara Line is a relationship between Naniwa and Nara , and the JR Nara Line is the line of the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
The Keihan Uji Line and Kintetsu Kyoto Line had been operated by many trains , but the Nara Line was not electrified by the JNR / JR Limited Express Series 105 , but the electrification of JNR / JR Limited Express Series 105 was not only for a while .
However , when JR West was inaugurated , the number of trains began to improve the trains of trains , including four cars of the train , and the trains of the trains began to increase the number of trains , including four cars , and the rapid trains such as ' Miyakoji Rapid Service ' and ' Miyako Rapid Service ' were also improved .
At present , there is a strong difference between tourists such as Byodo-in Temple in Uji City , such as the Byodo-in Temple in Uji City , as well as the route from the area to the southern part of Kyoto Prefecture .
However , on the east side of the Momoyama period , the east side of the station is located on the east side of the station , and the section south of the castle is located in the center of the Kyoto Line , which runs from the center of the center of the castle , and the Kyoto Line of the Kyoto Line .
The number of cars used to be used for the Nara Train Line of the Nara Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , which is operated by the Osaka Branch Office , is managed by the Kyoto branch of the station .
J-Through ICOCA , ICOCA , and East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) can be used in all stations , and the PiTaPa card can be used by the TTOICA of the East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) .
In the south of Joyo Station , there is a simple ticket gate and a simple ticket gate .
Since the section between Kyoto Station and Wakayama Station was abolished in 1984 , local trains were operated between the Nara Line and the Sakurai Line , which were operated by local trains until 1991 , but the limited express trains were operated by local trains ( the limited express trains were operated with limited express trains ) , and the limited express trains were operated by local trains , such as rapid trains , rapid trains , local trains , and local trains .
It is operated in the daytime in the Nara Line , and it is operated in the daytime .
Basically , the trains are operated between 30 minutes and local trains in Uji Station .
The nickname ' Miyako Rapid Service ' was decided by the public public .
As a result of tourist spots , Japanese people are not only Japanese people , but also many Japanese tourists .
The cars are operated by JR West 221 series , and four cars are operated with four cars and six cars .
The maximum speed is limited to 110-km / h , and other than 95 km / h .
The standard level of the standard is approximately 44 minutes , and the Kyoto Kyoto Station is about 47 minutes , and the Kyoto Kyoto Station is about 47 minutes .
In the way to Kyoto , there is a little difference between the section between Kamikoma Station or Tanakura Station , and it has a little difference between the trains bound for Nara .
On the third day of the New Year 's Day , a special stop at the Inari Inari Station stop at Fushimi Inari .
History
March 3 , 2001 : The operation started .
March 15 , 2003 : The station began to stop at Tofuku-ji Station , Tamizu Station , and Tamizu Station .
It is operated during the morning and evening rush hours .
They stop at the JR Ogura Station and Nitta Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) on the JR Ogura Line .
The cars are operated on 221 cars , and four cars are operated with four cars and six cars .
Basically , the trains are operated between 30 minutes and local trains in Uji Station .
In the same way as the Yamatoji Rapid Service , the Yamatoji Rapid Service is operated by the Yamatoji Rapid Service of the Yamatoji Line .
In March 2001 , ' Miyakoji Rapid Service ' was used in the section between Kyoto and Uji , and the section between Kizu and Joyo , and the train was used in the Nara Line , but it is not used in the Nara Line , but it is not used in the Nara Line .
In the morning and evening , there is a train running through the Yamatoji Line to the Yamatoji Line .
It is operated between the morning and night .
At first , only on weekdays was only on weekdays , but since March 18 , 2006 , the timetable was also operated on Saturdays and holidays .
In the section between Uji and Nara , trains stop at each station , but in the past , rapid trains bound for Uji Station are limited to the trains bound for Uji Station , but it is changed to the timetable that the rapid train bound for Uji Station has been changed , but the timetable is changed to the timetable schedule .
There are only 221 series cars that are operated on the Saturday and holidays , and all of them are operated by JNR / JR 103 cars .
During the morning rush hour , trains run directly from the Yamatoji Line from the Yamatoji Line .
The rapid trains of the Nara Line were used to prevent the misunderstanding of the Yamatoji Rapid Service Rapid Service and ' Miyako Rapid Service , ' but due to the revision of the timetable revision in March 2008 , the timetable of the rapid train was used for the timetable revision in March 2008 , because of the timetable revision of the timetable in March 2008 , the timetable of the rapid train was not used .
It is described in the section between Kamikoma Station and north of the station .
It is operated between Kyoto and Uji , Joyo , and Nara .
During the daytime , the section between Kyoto Station and Joyo Station was operated between Kyoto and Joyo , but the Joyo and Kizu section became approximately 30 minutes .
The number of cars is operated in 103 cars , but it is operated by 221 cars .
There is a train running on the Yamatoji Line in the early morning and midnight .
There was a direct train between Sakurai Line and the Sakurai Line on September 4 , 1994 , and the Sakurai Line and the Sakurai Line were divided .
In the Nara Line , the limited express trains were operated on the Nara Line .
From 1987 to 1988 , it was operated between the Kansai Main Line and the Kansai Main Line to the Kansai Main Line and the Hanwa Line to the Kansai Main Line and the Hanwa Line to the Kansai Main Line and the Hanwa Line to the Kansai Main Line .
In January 6 , 1998 , it was announced that the limited express train was operated by the Nara Line ( as a regular train ) in the Nara Line ( as a regular train ) , but the plan was suspended , but the plan was suspended .
Although it was operated between Kyoto and Sakurai ( between Kyoto and Nara between Kyoto and Nara ) , the trains operated by the Sakurai Line were not operated by the Sakurai Line .
In the middle of August , the Uji-gawa River , which was held at Uji Station , was held at the end of the Uji-gawa River , but the timetable was limited to the end of 16 years until the end of the timetable , and the train was operated only about 10 minutes , and all trains were operated between Kyoto and Uji and between Kyoto and Uji .
There are some local trains that arrive at Kizu Station .
On the first day of the New Year of the New Year of the New Year of the New Year , the first day of the New Year 's New Year 's Day , the rapid train began to stop at each station between Kyoto and Uji , and in addition to the number of rapid trains to Uji , the number of trains began to increase the number of trains to Uji .
In the year , there were some trains running at Momoyama Station .
In 1992 , direct trains between the Sakurai Line and the Sakurai Line was extended to Tenri Station , and one hour was operated between Tenri Station to Tenri Station .
In addition , it is sometimes operated by the Japan across Japan .
In particular , in the Tenri Daisai Festival ( the Great Festival of Tenri ) on October 26 , Kyoto Station , which is called ' the Traditional Train Series ' in the Tenri Daisai Festival , runs from Kyoto Station to the Nara Line and the Sakurai Line from Kyoto Station to the Nara Line and the Sakurai Line from Kyoto Station .
It is a member of the Nara Electric Railway .
JR West 221 series
In addition to the Yamatoji Line and the Osaka Loop Line , there are two cars , four cars , four cars , and six cars .
It is mainly operated by four cars of ' Miyako Rapid Service ' and ' Rapid Service , ' but the Nara Line is mainly used mainly in the Nara Line , but the Nara Line is mainly used in the Nara Line .
The operation of two cars and two cars are scheduled in the daytime timetable .
JNR / JR Limited Express Series 103
Platform 103 , which is used for local trains on the Nara Line , is not only operated by the Nara Line , but it is also operated by the Osaka Loop Line and the Yamatoji Line in the Osaka Loop Line and the local rapid trains in the Osaka Loop Line .
Some vehicles were replaced by the Osaka Loop Line , which was transferred to the Osaka Loop Line .
The section between Kyoto Station and Kizu Station between Kyoto and Kizu was opened , but the route between Kyoto Station and Momozama Station had been connected to the current Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
On the first day of 1921 , when the Tokaido Main Line ( present Zeze ) - Kyoto section was changed to the current line of the Higashiyama Tunnel via the Higashiyama Tunnel , the new line between Kyoto and Fushimi was abolished and the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was abolished , and the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was abolished and the section between Fushimi Station and Momoyama Station was discontinued .
Later , the former site of the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was transferred to Nara Electric Railway , which was the predecessor of the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
August 18 , 1879 : The section between Kyoto and Inari Station ( later Tokaido Main Line ) was opened as the section between Kyoto Station and Otani Station ( Shiga Prefecture ) .
Inari Station opened .
September 5 , 1895 : The section between Kyoto Station and Fushimi Station was opened , and the section between Kyoto Station and Fushimi Station was opened .
Fushimi Station opened .
Kyoto Station is operated by the government .
November 3 : The section between Fushimi and Momoyama Station ( 19C  2.19 km ) was extended .
Momoyama Station opened .
January 25 , 1896 : The section between Momoyama Station and Tamamizu Station ( 1246  2.24 km ) was extended .
Kibata Station , Uji Station , Nitta Station , Tamizu Station , and Tamizu Station opened .
March 13 : The Tamizu Station - Kizu section ( 45C  7.44 km ) was extended .
Tanakura Station and Kizu Station opened .
April 18 : The section between Kizu and Nara was extended to the section between Kyoto and Nara .
April 21 : To-ji Station opened .
April 1 , 1897 : Nara Electric Railway was renamed Shichijo Station .
May 3 , 1902 : Kamikoma Station opened .
November 12 : The unit of distance distance was simplified and simplified and simplified ( 28C = > 21.6M ) .
February 7 , 1905 : Nara Railway was transferred to Kansai Railway .
October 1 , 1907 : Kansai Railway Company was nationalized .
August 1 , 1908 : Shichijo Station was integrated into Kyoto Station .
October 12 , 1909 : The line was established between Kizu and Kyoto and the Nara Line .
December 19 , 1910 : Uji-gawa signal station was established between Uji and Kibata .
June 20 , 1913 : Hachijo signal station was established between Fushimi and Kyoto .
November 5 : The Uji-gawa River was abolished .
August 15 , 1914 : Hachijo signal station was abolished .
March 20 , 1921 : The Uji-gawa River was established between Uji and Kohata .
August 1 : The section between Kyoto Station and Fushimi Station ( 3.3 M  5.31 km ) was abolished .
The passenger service between Fushimi and Momoyama ( 1.1 M  1.77 km ) was abolished .
The Kyoto Station and Inari section ( 1.8 M  2.90 km ) was incorporated into the Nara Line .
Inari - Momoyama section ( 2.6 M  4.18 km ) was opened .
April 1 , 1922 : The Uji-gawa River was changed to Uji-gawa River signal station .
February 13 , 1926 : Aoya-Baibayashi Station opened .
April 1 : The Uji-gawa River was abolished .
September 3 , 1928 : The line between Momoyama Station and Fushimi Station was discontinued .
Fushimi Station was abolished .
April 1 , 1930 : The unit of distance distance was changed ( 2.6M to 434 km ) .
December 1 , 1933 : Aoya-Baibayashi Station was upgraded to Oyatani Station .
July 15 , 1955 : The Yamaga Station commenced operation .
December 27 , 1957 : Tofuku-ji Station commenced operation .
July 11 , 1958 : Joyo Station opened .
April 21 , 1961 : Obaku Station opened .
March 2 , 1982 : The operation of the train service was started .
October 1 , 1984 : The section between Kyoto and Kizu ( between Kyoto and Nara ) was electrified .
The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 105 and JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 began .
The train was abolished ( via Kyoto Station and Wakayama Line , the Sakurai Line , the Sakurai Line , the Sakurai Line and the Sakurai Line ) .
April 1 , 1987 : Due to the division and privatization of JNR , the West Japan Railway Company succeeded to the West Japan Railway Company .
The Japan Freight Railway Company became a railway company .
March 16 , 1991 : Rapid trains operated by the 117 series started .
October 22 , 1992 : Rokujizo Station opened .
The Joyo Station became a stop for rapid trains .
September 4 , 1994 : The 105 series cars were withdrew .
( It is operated by the Sakurai Line and the Wakayama Line . )
March 8 , 1997 : JR Fujimori Station opened .
May 10 , 1999 : Rokujizo Station became a stop station .
March 3 , 2001 : The section between Kyoto Station and JR Fujima Station became a double-track section .
JR Ogura Station commenced operation .
The operation of ' Miyako Rapid Service ' was operated by the rapid train and 221 series cars .
October 1 : The Tofuku-ji Temple Station became a rapid train and rapid trains .
March 15 , 2003 : The Tofukuji Station and Tamizu Station became a rapid train station , and Tamizu Station became a stop station .
April 1 : The second railway line of Japan Freight Railway was abolished .
April 23 , 2008 : The train was introduced in the Yamashiro Aoyani Station and Kizu section .
April 27 : The ATS system was introduced in ATS from Obaku Station and Yamashiroo Station .
April 30 : The ATS system was introduced between Kyoto and Obaku .
The section between JR Fujomori Station and Uji Station and the section between Shinden Station and Kizu Station , but there are no concrete evidence , however , it is not certain .
In addition , the Keihan Uji Line ( near Obaku Station ) and Uji Station on the Keihan Uji Line ( near Obaku Station ) and the Keihan Uji Line ( near Obaku Station ) .
Because of the shortage of the budget , it is the lowest of the Sagano Line ( the Sanin Main Line - Sonobe Station ) , and the line is operated by the Sagano Line ( the Sanin Main Line - Sonobe Station ) .
In the Kinki Region Committee , there was a plan to run directly from the Tokaido Main Line ( JR Kyoto Line ) and a direct operation of the Tokaido Main Line ( at the midnight of the New Year 's Eve ) .
Uji City is planned to build a new station between Obaku Station and Uji Station .
The section between Nakatsukasa Station is Rokujizo Station and Uji Station ( JR West ) ( JR West ) .
The cost in parallel is located in Kyoto Station .
Kyoto Station ( 0.00 km ) - Hachijo Temporary Station ( 0.80 km ) - - Fushimi Station ( 5.3km ) - Fushimi Station ( 5.3km ) - - Momoyama Station ( 7.3km )
The cost in parallel is located in Kyoto Station .
Uji-gawa River Signal Station - Obaku - Uji section ( approximately 13.8 km )
Keiji Bypass ( also known as Keiji Bypass ) : It is located in Kumiyama-cho , Kusatsu City , Shiga Prefecture to Kumiyama-cho , Kuse-gun , Shiga Prefecture .
It is designated as a plan for the local governments .
At first , the Keiji Bypass , the Keiji Bypass , is described as follows : the Keiji Bypass of National Route 1 , National Route 24 , and National Route 24 .
It has been integrated with the Meishin Expressway , and in the city of Otsu City , the city of the city of Otsu City , the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of Otsu City , and the Osaka City area and the Suita Interchange of Osaka City .
According to the law , the section between Seta Higashi Interchange and Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange is National Route No. 1 , National Highway Route 478 , and Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange , Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange and Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki Junction ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki Junction ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki Junction ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki JCT / Kumiyama Interchange .
As a result of the plan , the Kyoto Prefectural Road and Keiji Bypass , which was located in Kyoto City and Kyoto City , came to be constructed , and the Kyoto National Route 9 and Keiji Bypass , which was located in Kyoto City and Kyoto City , came to be built .
The Kyoto Jukan Expressway is designated as National Highway 478 to National Route 478 , and it has been improved .
According to the information on the route , it is said that the use of the train is used to be used for passengers , and the Keiji Bypass is considered to be the Keiji Bypass , the Keiji Bypass .
In addition , there is no difference between the Meishin Expressway and Keiji Bypass , and there is no difference between the fare and ETC system .
In this case , the name of the Keiji Bypass ( Seta Interchange of the Seta Interchange ) is described as the name of the Keiji Bypass ( Seta Higashi Interchange ) .
Otome-machi , Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
The total length is 18.9 kilometers
Trains of four cars
The maximum speed of 80 kilometers
It was completed on August 15 , 2050 .
Shiga Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Uji City : Kumiyama-cho , Kuze County - Yawata City - Omiyama-cho , Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City - Otokuni-gun
National Route 1 , Keiji Bypass Interchange - Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange
National Route 478 : Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange - Oyamazaki Junction - Oyamazaki Junction
Chuo Expressway : The name of the National Highway Expressway and Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange - Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange
The number of the numbers of the IC number is the section of the road , and the road is used for transportation .
In addition , the facilities of the facilities are not used for facilities .
The name of the line is not included in municipalities .
West Japan Expressway Company , Kansai Expressway , Ibaraki Station , Ibaraki Station
( The section between Ibaraki Station and the Kyoto Higashi Interchange of the Meishin Expressway ) is located in the section between the Meishin Expressway and the Suita JCT , the second Keihan Road , and the Keinawa Expressway .
August 29 , 1988 : The Seta Interchange , JCT - Ogura Interchange opened .
March 30 , 2003 : Ogura-do Interchange - Kumiyama Junction opened .
For this reason , it is unified as a special highway for other Japanese roads ( current Cinema ) .
August 10 , 2003 : The entire line was opened by the section between Kumiyama JCT and Oyamazaki JCT .
December 24 , 2003 : Oyamazaki Interchange opened .
Fiscal year fiscal year 2005 : The weekdays of the weekdays and the weekdays of 24 hours in the weekdays .
The Oyamazaki Interchange / JCT - Kumiyama-Yodo Station , 13,136
The Uji Tunnel is the most longest among the National Route 1 and 313 meters in the tunnel , and the tunnel is prohibited from the Uji Higashi Interchange and Kasatori Interchange .
In the vicinity of Mt . Kumiyama , the studio was performed by the film " Dai Daisai-sama " ( THE VIIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIER ) .
In the Seta Higashi Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange , JCT and the JCCT of the Meishin Expressway , the trains bound for Keiji Bypass via Keiji Bypass is short , and the trains bound for Keiji Bypass via Keiji Bypass via Keiji Bypass .
There is a lot of facilities such as the Meishin Expressway , because there are no facilities such as the Australian Expressway , so it is often confused with the Meishin Expressway ( the area of the Seto-do Road and the Katsura-gawa River ) , and there is a bus service for the Meishin Expressway .
However , the Sanden Higashi and Oyamazaki-ryo JCT ( especially known as Oyamazaki JCT ) is a structure that was established by the name of the god ( especially the Yamazaki Junction structure ) .
There is a doubt that the route to the route between the Suita and Osaka area to Suita and Osaka to the Osaka area may be traffic .
On the way , there are few people who do not function as a bypass of the Meishin Expressway , because they do not function as a bypass of the highway Expressway .
This road is an automated road that is located on National Route 1 ( National Highway Route 1 ) , and it is not an automatic car .
In the case of Keiji Bypass in the Uji-gawa River , the Keiji Bypass in the Uji-gawa River is not going to the west of Uji City .
The Uji Higashi Interchange is a IC Interchange .
For this reason , the section between the Uji Interchange and the Uji Interchange of the Uji Higashi Interchange is often traffic .
In this way , the section of the general road is not a complicated section , so it is difficult to avoid diseases .
Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture ( Uji Nishi Interchange ) - Kumiyama-cho , Kuse-gun
Refer to the section on the south of Kumiyama Town .
The upper side is the end of the station , and the end is the end of the end .
On the left side , the right side is placed on the right side .
Fiscal year fiscal year 2005 : The weekdays of the weekdays and the weekdays of 24 hours in the weekdays .
Yosagura , Tsu City , 13,137
Kuse-gun , Kumiyama-cho , Kuze County , 35,493
The National Highway Bureau of Land , Transport and Tourism ( Shiga Prefecture ) ( Shiga Prefecture )
The Kyoto National Highway Co . , Ltd . , Kyoto National Highway Co . , Ltd . ( National Route 24 , Kyoto Prefecture , Kyoto Prefecture )
The Kyoto National Highway Co . , Ltd . , Kyoto National Highway Co . , Ltd . ( National Route 478 )
Higashi Hongan-ji Temple is a Buddhist temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) in Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture .
It is the head temple of the Otani school of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , which is the head temple of the Otani school of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , and it is the head temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , which is the head temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
His formal name was ' Hongan-ji Temple ' in 1987 , and after the same year , it was called ' Shinshu Honbyo . '
In order to distinguish it from Nishi Hongan-ji Temple in Shimogyo Ward , it is often called ' Higashi san . '
( For details about the history of Hongan-ji Temple , refer to the history of Hongan-ji Temple . )
The twelfth head priest of Hongan-ji Temple ( Koju ) was given the territory of Hongan-ji Temple by Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , and in 1602 when Hongan-ji Temple was divided into two .
The temple was located in Shichijo Shichijo , Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , and it came to be called Higashi Hongan-ji Temple to the east of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple .
In 1987 , Hongan-ji Temple was dissolved as a religious corporation of the Otani school , and it was considered as a religious corporation .
After that , the official name of Higashi Hongan-ji Temple was the official name of the ' Shinshu Honbyo ' ( the teachings of the founder of the sect ) , and it became the origin of Shinran 's teachings , ' Haokage ' ( the teachings of Shinran , the founder of Shinran ) .
It is also referred to as the Hongan-ji school of the Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , which is distinguished from the Hongan-ji school of the Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
Ogo
In the Edo period , the number of buildings were destroyed by fire in the Edo period , so many of the existing buildings were built in the Meiji period , so many of the existing buildings were rebuilt in the Meiji period , but many of the buildings were rebuilt in the Meiji period .
The Goei-do hall dedicated to Shinran 's portrait is the largest wooden architecture of the world ( the construction of the roof of the protective roof ) .
Also , the Miyodo gate is one of Sanmon Sanmon gate .
It is owned by Shinran Shinseki ( a national treasure ) ( a national treasure ) , which is owned by Shinran .
The subsidiary of the land area of the land area is a scenic beauty in the country .
The current head priest is Koaki OTANI ( Joyo ) .
National Treasure
Important Cultural Property
From Gojo Station of Kyoto City Subway ( Kyoto Municipal Subway )
University
Otani University
Kyoto Kogyo Women 's University
Osaka University
Aritomo University
Nagoya Nagoya University University
Nagoya University
Aichi University
Aichi Shinjo University
The former Higher High School is the predecessor of the current Kyoto University , which is now the predecessor of Kyoto University .
Its abbreviated name is ' Sanka . '
The first head of the school was Hikichi KURITA .
In 1869 , he was established in Osaka .
The name was changed .
1870 : The Faculty of Chemistry = > Kaisei = > Kaisei = >
1872 : The fourth school of the University of the University of Finance - >
1873 : Chapter of the third university , Changaku - > Kaimei Gakko - >
1874 : Osaka Gakko Gakko ( Osaka School of Foreign Studies ) - > Osaka English School
In 1879 , he was appointed as Osaka Gakko .
1880 : Osaka Junior High School .
In 1885 , the University of Education was established in 1886 , and the Third High School was established .
In 1887 , he was appointed as the third Higher School of Medicine in Okayama Prefecture ( Eishiro City , Okayama Prefecture ) .
The main course was inaugurated by the Department of Education .
1889 : The third Higher Junior High School was relocated to Kamigyo Ward , Kyoto City ( present-day Sakyo Ward , Osaka City ) to Kamigyo Ward , Kyoto City .
In addition to the former Faculty of Medicine , the Faculty of Law was established .
In 1893 , he was promoted to the Third High School of the Third High School .
The course of the course of course was abolished , and the course of course was abolished .
It was established in the Faculty of Engineering .
The establishment of the Kyoto Imperial University ( in 1897 ) was established in the University of Education ( the restoration of the University of Education ) .
He was abolished in the Faculty of Law ( officially issued in 1901 ) .
The Faculty of Medicine is Okayama University ( 1901 ) .
In 1949 , the former Kyoto University ( Kyoto Imperial University ) ( Kyoto Imperial University ) and Kyoto University of Kyoto University were integrated into the Kyoto University of Kyoto University , and it was a branch school in charge of education .
In 1950 , he sent graduates from the third High School , and was officially abolished .
1954 : The school changed its name to Kyobu .
In 1991 , the Faculty of Environment was established in the Faculty of Environment and the Graduate School of Environment .
1992 : The Faculty of Letters was reorganized into the Faculty of Letters .
The school was abolished .
In 2003 , the Graduate School of Public Studies and the Graduate School of Environment were integrated .
Refer to the school system .
Amaterasu Omikami is a god who appears in Japanese mythology .
In " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , ' Tensho ' is referred to as ' Ama . '
It is believed to be a god of the sun , and is considered to be one of the ancestors of the Imperial Family .
In " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , it is written as Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) and " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
He was also known as Ohiurume no kami .
In the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , there is a description in " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , and in " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , the name of ' Amaterasu Omikami ' was unified .
There is a theory that he was a female god , but it is also said that he was a male god .
Since the name of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is also used in politics such as " Kotaijingu Gishicho " ( a list of shrines in the Heian period ) , it was originally a political part of " Kotaijingu Gishicho " ( a list of shrines in the Heian period ) , and it is said that Mamimusubi was originally the ancestor of Takamimusubi ( Takamimusubi ) , which was originally the ancestor of Takamimusubi , which was the ancestor of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
In the Ise-jingu Shrine , it is also referred to as Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) or Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and it is also referred to as Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) in front of the shrine .
At present , it is now called ' Amaterasu , ' which is now a historical document .
There is also a theory that it was written in ancient times .
Description in mythology
According to " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , Izanagi returned from Yomi , Izanagi , and he was born in the left hand when he washed his left hand .
On this occasion , he was called Susanoo , who was born from the right of the right , and was called Susanoo .
At that time , Izanagi ordered Amaterasu Omikami to rule Takamanohara .
Susanoo , who was entrusted to the sea , was banished by Izanagi because Izanagi was exiled to the country of Izanami .
Susanoo went to the country where Susanoo went to the country , but Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was her older sister , was sent to Takamanohara , and he was treated by his younger brother , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
In order to prove the purification of Susanoo , the god of the three pillars of the three pillars of Amaterasu Omikami , Susanoo , and Susanoo were born , and Susanoo was born .
It was born from the fact that Amaterasu Omikami was born from the fact that Amaterasu Omikami was the child of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
Amenooshihomimi
Amenohohi
Amatsuhikone
Kuhitsuhikone
Kumanosubi
Susanoo , who was very good at this , fought in Takamanohara , and the god of Amaterasu Omikami fell into Ama no Iwato .
In the past , there were various disasters , and there were various disasters .
Chichibu no kami ( Chichibu no kami , the god of Chichibu , a guardian deity of Chie no kami , the god of the heaven ) , succeeded to the throne of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) from Iwato , and Susanoo succeeded to the throne from Takanohara , and Susanoo was exiled from Takamanohara .
When Amenooshihomimi , who was born in Ashihara no nakatsukuni , sent the Amatsukami ( god of heaven ) .
When Ashihara no Nakatsukuni was conquered , Ninigi was born , but Ninigi was born when Ninigi was born , and the grandson of Ninigi was born .
Translation
In the mythology , there is a view that Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was born in the mysterious mythology , asked him to be a divine spirit of the gods , and that Amaterasu Omikami ( Amaterasu Omikami [ the Sun Goddess ] ) is considered to be a divine spirit of the emperor .
Also , there is a view that it is a shrine maiden in ancient times .
The name ' Hikaru ' is a miko ( a shrine maiden ) who served the sun god , and is a shrine maiden who served the sun god .
There is a theory that the sun god was originally a male god , but there is a theory that there was a shrine maiden who served as a female god .
In addition , there is a theory that this god was a female god , and it is said that Himiko was the model of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) in the era of Empress Jito .
It is pointed out that the birth of the god of the god of the sun and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon ( before the sixth century ) , ' It is the first day of the moon , ' and it has been pointed out that the influence of Taoism has been pointed out by the strong influence of Taoism ( in the beginning of the seventh century ) , and the influence of Taoism has been pointed out .
It is also said that the term " Usuki , " " Saigu , " " Saigu , " " Saigu , " " Saigu , " " Saigu , " " Saigu , " " Shikihaku , " " Shikihaku , " " Shikihaku , " " Shikihaku , " " Shikihaku , " and " Shikihaku . "
It is pointed out that the mythology of the mythology of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is the mythology of the birth of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) in the old period ( 3 to 4 ) .
There is also a theory that it is a mysterious mythology that have been introduced into Japan together with other people in the period of the history of the history of Japan .
According to " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , there is a theory that the shrine was changed into three times .
The following is based on the contents of the incident .
645 : The Taika Reforms .
The Emperor 's family is not enshrined in Amaterasu Omikami .
The ' sun ' ( literally , ' sun ' ) , ' Taiyo ' ( the sun goddess ) .
The male god called ' Maro ' was also enshrined .
In the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , there is a shrine named ' Marutamaru ' ( Marutamaru ) in Tsushima , and ' Amamaru no Mikoto ' in Tanba , ' Amamatama no Mikoto , ' and ' Amamatama no Mikoto ' in Tanba .
According to the name of Amaterasu , Amenohibari , the grandson of Amaterasu , is the name of Amenohibari , the grandson of Amaterasu , and the ancestor of the clan of the Owari clan and the Nabe clan .
In addition , the younger brother of Amenohibari , who was the great-grandfather of Emperor Jinmu , became Ninigi .
672 : The Jinshin War .
" Oohimome " is ' a daughter of the sun god , ' ' Tanaka no kami ' ( a daughter of the sun goddess ) .
In this case , it is interpreted that the enshrined deity is a god of the god of the god , and it is interpreted as ' Maro , ' the god of the body .
698 : The shrine was founded .
It is ' Amaterasu , the ancestor of the Emperor and the emperor . '
She is a female god .
It was created as a model for the Emperor Jito as a model for the gods .
Even after that , ' Tensho ' other than the ancestor of the Imperial family was called ' Marutamaru . '
For example , in " Sarashina Nikki " ( The Diary of Sarashina Nikki ) ( around 1060 ) , the part of ' Tensho ' is read as ' Amaterasu Omikami ' ( literally , ' the god of heaven ) ' and ' Amaterasu Omikami ' ( literally , ' the god of heaven ) ' in " The former Kujihongi " ( Ancient Japanese History ) .
In 1880 - 1881 , there was a controversy dispute over the enshrined deity of Shinden ( Shinto shrine ) of Shinto , which was established in Hibiya , Tokyo .
The Bureau of Shinto Shrines insisted that the enshrined deity of the shrine was enshrined as the enshrined deity in the Shinden ( the main hall ) of the Bureau of Shinto Shrines and the four pillars of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) and Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , but the ' Izumo-ha ' ( the Izumo school ) , which is said to be the main enshrined deity , should be divided into five pillars in which the enshrined deities are enshrined , and the ' Izumo school ' refers to the five pillars of Okuninushi no Okami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
However , the ' Ise school ' who played the central part of the Shinto office was ' Tenchi Daishu no kami ' ( a local governor of the country ) who ruled the world of Kenyu and the other gods , and the other gods insisted that the two gods would not be a subject of their vassals .
In the fruit , there were various theories , such as ' the line of the Izumo-ha ( the Izumo school of the Izumo sect ) , ' and ' the Imperial Family should be killed by the Imperial Family , ' and ' the Imperial Family should be killed by the Imperial Family . '
Before long , the dispute was decided by the Emperor Meiji , and the gods of Amaterasu Omikami became the highest rank .
In addition , it is said that the government recognized that the government could not control the common people to control the common people directly by the Meiji Government .
Refer to the section on the Shinto religion of Shinto Shinto .
When Ryunosuke AKUTAGAWA appeared in his novel , it was also called ' Oohimome ' ( literally , " great man " ) , which was the same name as the name of Amaterasu Omikami .
This is because the word ' Tensho Okami ' ( Amaterasu Omikami ) is the name of the ancestor of the Emperor , and it is because the god of the sun goddess , or the god of the sun , is not used to use the ' Dainichi no Ki ' ( the Sun Goddess ) .
In fact , there is a large number of people who did not have a large number of troops by disembowelment of the army in the novel of AKUTAGAWA .
Masaatsu YASUOKA ( 1898 - 1983 ) , who had been established in Konchigakuin Temple ( 1898 - 1983 ) was a belief of Amaterasu Omikami .
Amaterasu Omikami is a ideal idea that the world of the world should be blessed with the world .
It is said that the reason why Izanagi , Izanagi and Izanagi said , ' It is an ideal of the world of the world . '
The shrine enshrining Amaterasu Omikami
The shrine enshrining Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is called Jinmyo-jinja Shrine , but it is located in various places across the country , but the main shrine is the Naiku ( inner palace ) of Ise-jingu Shrine ( Ise-jingu Shrine ) .
The Taidai-jingu Shrine is a Shinto shrine enshrining Yata no Kagami ( Yata no Kagami ) , one of the three sacred treasures .
Most of the shrines in Japan are distributed in many shrines in Japan , and it is distributed by the Shinsatsu ( Shinto shrine ) ( Taima Daijingu Shrine ) .
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was a word which was changed from Daimyoshu .
It refers to the name of a person .
It is a small name .
It was originally a person who tried to grow power in local regions .
Among the samurai society , it was a word to mean a samurai who owned many territories and subordinates .
In the Muromachi period , Shugo ( provincial constable ) strengthened his territory and became a shugo daimyo .
In the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) , the daimyoji ( local lord ) who established a strong territory and established the daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) and Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) were called daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) .
In the Edo period , it became a word to refer to samurai families that were given to the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that the samurai of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was a samurai of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In addition , the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was also called the feudal lord of the feudal lord , and it was also referred to as a daimyo daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) as a feudal lord .
This section describes the details of the modern daimyo in the Edo period .
Refer to the article for the shugo daimyo and Sengoku daimyo .
He was a daimyo in the Edo period .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Edo period was decided by a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Edo period , and the rank was decided by the official court rank , court rank , a post , a post , and so on .
First , according to the relationship with the Tokugawa Shogun family , the family was classified into a daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , who had been a vassal of the Tokugawa family before the Battle of Sekigahara , and became a vassal of the Tokugawa family after the Battle of Sekigahara and became a vassal of the Tokugawa family .
When the first shogun , Ieyasu , the first shogun , the shogun family became extinct , the Tokugawa family was allowed to use the Tokugawa family in order to control the Tokugawa family in order to control the daimyo ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and they were allowed to use the Tokugawa family to the Tokugawa family , and they were allowed to use the Tokugawa family to the Mito Domain , Yorifusa TOKUGAWA , the tenth son , and Yorifusa TOKUGAWA , the 11th son of Yorifusa TOKUGAWA , the lord of Mito Domain .
In addition , he was the second son of Hideyasu YUKI , who was the second son of Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , who was the second son of Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , who was the second son of Ieyasu , who was the second son of Ieyasu .
In addition , he was appointed as a fudai daimyo ( a hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) as a daimyo ( hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) of the Tokugawa Shogun family , and in order to secure the military power of the bakufu , he was appointed as an important post in the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to secure the military power of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
The fudai daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) was relatively low , and the Hikone Domain of the Hikone Domain , who was a fudai daimyo ( hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) , became a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , which had a large amount of rice crop yields , but in the Edo period , a daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) , such as the Torii clan , the Asabe clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , and the Toda clan .
It came to be used for the separation of power and military power .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) who belonged to the Tokugawa family in the Battle of Sekigahara .
At that time , the bakufu had a strong impact on the bakufu , and in the case where he was afraid of a false movement , he was sentenced to deprived of his fief , and when he was feared , he was deprived of his fief .
One of the most typical daimyo daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) , the Kaga Domain , the Date clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the Sake clan , the lord of the domain of the Saga clan , the Sake clan , the lord of the domain of the Akita clan of the Akita clan , the lord of the domain of the Akita clan of the Akita clan of the Akita clan , the lord of the domain of the Akita clan of the Akita clan of the Akita clan .
In addition , as the status of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was one koku or more than one province , the lord of the castle was divided into a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) or a castle , and a daimyo ( feudal lord ) was also divided into the status of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , and a daimyo ( feudal lord ) was divided into the status of a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Edo castle .
For details , refer to the article .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was not allowed to have a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) of 100,000 koku ( unit of unit of crop yield ) of 10 thousand koku ( unit of unit of unit ) of 10 thousand koku ( unit of crop yield ) , and most of the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) were not allowed to keep their territory around the castle .
In the case of a single village , it was divided into one village or a village .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was more than 5,000 koku , but the Kitsuregawa clan of the Kikkawa clan was 5,000 koku .
This was because the Kikkawa clan was a descendant of the Ashikaga clan .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was under control of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and the system of Sankinkotai ( a system of centralized government based on the ritsuryo code ) .
In addition , in the end of the Edo period , he was ordered to guard the coastal defense at the end of the Edo period , and in the end of the Edo period , daimyo was not a economical economy .
The word for daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord )
He was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) of the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
A residence of daimyo daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
In Edo , the residence was located in Edo , and his residence was called the residence of the residence .
He was a daimyo daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) of the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) were moved to the battlefield in the Sankinkotai ( a system of centralized government based on the Edo period ) .
In addition , it is sometimes used to make a group of a group to move a group of a group .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) of Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) by order of the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
It consisted of feudal retainers of domains .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) became a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) as a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) as a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) refers to the management of a criminal .
It is a fushin for daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
It is a luxurious trip for a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The Japanese territorial lord daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was a legislation that was established in order to communicate with Edo .
In order to keep the body of the head of a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , there is a large number of fish .
It is said that he was a wealthy force .
It is cut into a large amount of fish and meat .
It should be purchased by a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
It is a bowl of rice bowl .
It is also referred to as a type of lacquered lacquer , which is made by a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a ship of a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
It is a horizontal pattern of a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
According to " Setsuyoshu " ( a collection of poetry compiled in the Muromachi period ) written in the Muromachi period , there were two types of ' tamashi ' and ' daimyoyo ' and the latter was the meaning of the former Shugo ( feudal lord ) and the latter .
In the Sengoku Period ( Period of Warring States ) , it is said that the distinction between the sound and the sound of the sound was often called ' tamashi . '
In the beginning of the 17th century , the two sound of ' Dainyo ' and ' Taka ' were published , but the distinction of the word is not clear , and the difference between the two sound is not clear .
In the Edo period , the name of ' Omyo ' was established in the Edo period , and it was called ' Dainyo ' in the Kansei era .
Shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) , Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period )
Chikamasa , fudai daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) , daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord )
The domain
Shoshu
