Structure
Dogen was a Zen priest in the early Kamakura period .
He was the founder of the Soto sect .
In his later years , he was also called Rogen .
He was also called the Takamasu ( the founder of the sect ) and the honorific title .
His posthumous name was Hoken Kokushi ( a master of Buddhist scriptures ) and Joyo Daishi ( a priest of the Imperial Family ) .
He was generally called Dogen Zenji .
It is said that the manners and manners of meal and meals were made in Japan .
There is a theory that he brought back the Silk Silk ( Memorial ) .
There are many theories about the birth of Dogen , but there are various theories regarding the direct line of Michichika TSUCHIMIKADO , Naidaijin ( Minister of the Interior ) , and the direct descendant of Michichika TSUCHIMIKADO , Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) .
According to the theory , it is said that he was born as a son of FUJIWARA no Ishi , a daughter of FUJIWARA no Ishi ( FUJIWARA no Motofusa ) , who was a daughter of FUJIWARA no Motofusa ( FUJIWARA no Motofusa ) , who was a daughter of the Matsudono Palace in Kyoto , Kyoto , but it is widely accepted that he was a biological child of Michitoshi HORIKAWA , who was a biological child of Michichika HORIKAWA , who was a biological child of the Emperor .
There is also a theory that he was a son of Michichika , MINAMOTO no Michimitsu , and Michiko KOGA .
According to " Kenkoki " ( a record of the book ) , he was three years old , and he lost his mother 's mother ( Michichika ) at the age of eight , and he was adopted by Tomotomo HORIKAWA , who was the younger paternal half-brother .
According to one theory , it is said that he was a maternal uncle of the family of the head of the Matsudono family , who was a maternal uncle of his mother after his death , but Dogen , who was a maternal uncle of the family , was said to have been the heir of the family .
There is a theory that the founder of the Jodo Shinshu sect , Shinran , was a maternal relative of each other , and there is no evidence .
There is a theory that the volume of " Shoho Zogzo " ( The Practice of the Life ) written by Shinran was written by Shinran .
In 1213 , he visited his uncle , Yoshiaki , who was a maternal uncle of Mt . Hiei .
In 1214 , he became a priest and called himself Dogen Dogen , the head priest of the Tendai sect .
In 1215 , he studied the Tendai sect of Tendai Sect under the name of Kinetane .
In 1217 , he studied under Zenyo , a disciple of Saiyo in Kennin-ji Temple .
In 1223 , he traveled to the Southern Sung Dynasty to the Southern Sung Dynasty and received an instruction from Jojo of the Soto sect .
He returned to Japan in 1228 .
In 1233 , he opened Kosho-ji Temple in Kyoto .
Around this time , he was suppressed by Mt . Hiei .
In July , 1243 , he moved to Echizen Province in Echizen Province by Yoshishige TANO , a lord of Echizen Province .
On the way to the invitation of Nobutsuna SASAKI , the lord of the Kutsuki Village , he went to the Kutsuki Village in order to invade the Kutsuki Village .
In 1244 , he opened Daibutsu-ji Temple .
In 1246 , he changed his name to Daibutsu-ji Temple to Eihei-ji Temple and changed his name to Gensho .
Around this time , he went to Kamakura to make a way to move to Kamakura because of the invitation of Tokiyori HOJO and Yoshishige HATANO .
In the Kamakura period , the period of dignity was a half years , but in the Kanto region , it became the first time in the Kanto region .
In 1253 , he handed over Eihei-ji Temple to his disciple Ejo Ejo , and died at the age of 54 ( in the present Nishinotoin-dori Street , Takatsuji-dori Street , Kyoto City ) , and at the age of 54 , he died at the age of 54 .
It is said that the cause of the death is said to be a tool .
Although it was completed by a certain number of Buddha , it was not necessary for the purpose of training , and it was the main nature of Buddha , and it was the best practice of Buddha , which was the best practice of Buddha , which was the best practice of Buddhism ( Juseiyo ) .
Many of the Buddhist priests of Kamakura Buddhism are based on the Taoist ideology , but it is not completely uncertain .
It is a way to make the statue of the statue of the Buddha in the Buddhist law .
There are only one Kyodo ( Kyodo ) .
It is a yorishiro ( a person who has been used for a person who is a person who is a person who is a person who is a person who is a person who is a person who is a person who is a person who has been given to a person who has reached the same time ) .
It is not necessarily that they want to live in the world .
There is a good sense of love , and there is a kneading with a white shinkane ( a kind of kneading ) .
It is a kind of Buddhist precepts , such as Buddha , and Negane ( a kind of Buddhist precepts ) , and they do not want to do so .
It is the origin of the Buddhist law .
It was not only a person who could not be able to do so , ' and he was not only a disciple of Shakyamuni 's disciples , but he denied the law of the Suho sect , but he denied the law .
" Shoho Zogzo "
" Shoho Zokenzo " ( Shoho Zaizo ) , " Shobogenzo " ( The Painting of the Painting of the Present ) , " Nihon Bungaku Bungaku Taikei " ( The Japanese Classic Literature ) , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1965 .
" modern translation of the modern translation " ( 1 ) ( 1 ) ( by Kazuo NISHISHIMA ) ( translated by Kazuo NISHISHIMA )
" Shoho Zogenzo ( 1 ) " ( 1 ) , " Yo MIZUNO , " ( Notes of Mizuya MIZUNO )
" Shoho Zogzo " ( written by Kunio ISHII , published in 2004 )
" Eikahiroroku " ( written by Kunihiro ISHII , published in 2005 )
" Eihei Seiki "
" Tenza Kyoku "
" Tenza Kyogyoji " ( Painting of the Painting of the Painting of the Present ) ( published by Hosho NAKAMURA ) ( translated by Phohu NAKAMURA )
" Shukushuho . "
" Shoho Zogenki " ( The Record of the Shoho Zheng ) : A lecture of Dogen 's lecture on Dogen 's lecture .
" Shoho Zaikomon " ( The book on the study of the book ) , " Shobogenzo " ( The book of the book on the study of the book ) , " Shobogenzo , 1958 , " 1958 , 1958
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( The Record of the Shoho Zheng ) , " Shoho Zaikoki " ( The Letter of Shobo Ken , 1961960 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( revised by Tetsuro WATSUJI ) ( revised by Tetsuo WATSUJI , published in 1982 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( Picture of Yazo MIZUNO , translated by Yasuko MIZUNO )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( translated by Ikeda ) ( translated by Ikeda Publishing , 1993 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( The Record of the Shoho Zodiac ) , " Shobogenzo " ( The Complete Works of Masayoshi YAMAZAKI , published in 2003 )
" Dogen Zenji Zenshu " ( The Collection of Dogen Zenji Zenshu Zenshu ) , published by Shunshuku-sha Publishing Co . , Ltd .
reference
" Dogen Zenshi no Taka " ( Iwanami bunko ) ( Iwanami bunko )
" Dogen " by Michio TAKEUCHI ( a member of the ' Dogen ' ) , 1962
" Dogen Zenji no Zenjo " ( The life of Dogen Zenji ) , " Dogen Zenji no Zenji "
" Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( The Dogen ) , 1971
" Dogen Zazenzo " ( Dogen Zazen ) , " Dogen Zazenzo " ( Dogen Zazen ) , Kyoto Broadcasting Corporation
Akira SUGANUMA , " Dogen Genjiten , " published by Tokyo Publishing Co . , Ltd
" Koza Dogen " ( The Picture of Dogen ) written by Motaka KASHIMA and Shiro YUKI , " Koza Dogen " ( The Picture of the Painting of the Paintings ) , published by Yasuko MISHIMA and Shiro Tama-jo Castle
" Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen ) , Shunju-sha Shrine
In the 18 , the Newspaper " Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Echizen no Shodo " ( Dogen ) , and " Echizen no Shodo " ( Echizen Province ) , and the Nichinichi Shinbun ( the newspaper of the Asahi Shimbun ) , and the date of 661 .
Ryotaro SHIBA : ' Sozo of the mountains ' ( the same as the same as the same as ' the Sozo of the mountain ) '
It is the first volume of " Seiko-ji Temple Unsui no Unsui " ( The Unifying of the Painting of Ryotaro SHIBA ) , 777 to 89 .
It is a portrait of Ryotaro SHIBA , ' Jakuen no zu ' ( The painting of Jakuen ) , and 104 .
" Dogen Zenshi " ( Dogen Zenji ) : " Dogen Zenshi " ( The Dogen Zenji )
Umekoji steam Locomotive Museum is a steam locomotive facility that is located in Kanko-ji Town , Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture , and is a steam locomotive facility that is operated by the West Japan Railway Company .
On October 10 , 1972 , the Japan National Railways was established in Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , and it was a Japanese facility that supported the Japanese Railway Company , and it was the first Japanese facility that supported the railway transportation of Japan in the first century , and it was the first facility for the purpose of preservation of the Japan Railway Company .
In 1987 , JR West was succeeded by JR West .
Also , this facility itself is located in the current site ( Umekoji Station ) , and the electrified locomotives of the JNR 10 Diesel Storium Co . , Ltd . , which is the JNR 's JNR / JR Railway Co . , Ltd . , is a steam locomotives .
The reason why this facility was established in the latter half of the 1960s was to be preserved in the animal locomotive locomotive .
At the beginning , there was a large number of local administrative districts located in Kozan City , Tochigi Prefecture , which was close to the capital area , but it was designated as the most candidate candidate in the central part of Japan , and it was officially selected as a part of the central part of the Kyoto Metropolitan area ( at that time ) in 1970 .
In principle , the number of cars of the total number of cars is selected , but it was not planned to be planned to be scheduled to be scheduled to be scheduled to be scheduled .
The facility is the ' steam locomotive Museum , ' which is used in the form of a folding screen and a bridges in the former Umekoji Ward , and the former Nijo station building was relocated to the former Nijo station building .
The main building was built in 1914 , and the two types of electronic cutlet were designated as an important cultural property on December 10 , 2004 , and it was designated as an important cultural property in the country along with the two lines .
In 2004 , he was selected for the Natural Preservation Society of Dohagi .
In 2006 , the construction of a steam locomotive , a type of steam locomotives , and the construction of a steam locomotives , were designated as a commemorative commemorative building , and the construction of a steam locomotive building was designated as a commemorative commemorative commemorative .
The former Nijo station building was constructed in 1904 , and the oldest wooden structure of the existing wooden style building of the Heian Jingu Shrine was built in 1904 , and it was built by the Kagenkan .
The Kyoto Railway was nationalized in 1907 , and after that , it was used as a national system , and the station building was used as a station building of the Sanin Main Line ( Sagano Line ) , but the station building was relocated to the station building of the Sanin Main Line ( Sagano Line ) , which was built in 1997 , and the building was relocated to the site of the main building of the main hall , and the building was relocated to the site of the main building of the main hall , and the building was built as a museum .
In April 1996 , it was designated as a cultural property of Kyoto City .
In the form of a steam locomotive type 16 ( 16 mon ) , the sixteen ryo ( six-17 cars ) in the Taisho period and the Showa period , are exhibited and exhibited in the Showa period .
At the beginning , it was the principle of preservation of the building , and the number of cars was operated by two cars , including 553 signs and 51 cars , but the number of cars was provided with two cars , but in 2006 , the preservation preservation of the vehicle was seven seven cars , and the preservation of the preservation preservation was increased .
Of the five five five ryo , the five ryo of the five ryo is still available , and two ryo ( Cy57 No. 1 ) , the section of the Hokuriku Main Line , the Hokuriku Main Line , and the Hokuriku Main Line , are served at the main line of the Yamaguchi Line and the Hokuriku Main Line .
These two cars are not available for the preservation of a car , but not only the main line of the main line .
In addition , it is operated on the track of the station , which is operated by the disorder of the preservation of the facilities .
The operation of this exhibition was located in the northern end of the station , which was located at the north end of the station , but the station was relocated to the north of the former Nijo-jo Station , and the current Umekoji Park was changed to the south end of the Sagano Line , and it was changed to the present Umekoji Park .
Even today , the function of the business is also connected to the business business .
In addition , the improvement of the steam locomotive is also used for the development of the JR West Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Ubai
The origin of ' ume ' originated from Umekoji .
The number of cars is designated as a special commemorative service in 2006 , except for the C62 No. 1 No. 1 , which was designated as a national treasure , and in 2006 , it was designated as a national treasure .
There are no special events such as a tegotomae ( a kind of handling ) , which is said to have been transferred from the Independent Institutions in 1972 .
The number of the book is not available from the beginning of the AUmekoji .
620 steam locomotives :
In 1914 , the company was produced .
It was transferred from the Hirosaki Universities .
In 1979 , the Kuzui ( Arita ) ( Arita Preservation ) ( Arita Hozondo )
JNR / 600 steam locomotives
In 1914 , he was built in Kawasaki Post Office .
It was transferred from Otaru Station .
In 1979 , the Kuzui ( Arita ) ( Arita Preservation ) ( Arita Hozondo )
In 1987 , it was preserved .
JNR / JR Steam Locomotive
In 1946 , it was produced by Sozan SHIEYAMA .
It was transferred from the Kagoshima district .
In 1979 , he was dissolved .
In 2002 , the temple was restored and restored in 2002 .
JNR C11 steam locomotive
In 1940 , the Kawasaki Train was made .
The station was transferred from Wakamatsu-wakamatsu Station of the Gunzan General Center .
In 1987 , he was dissolved .
JNR C51 steam locomotive
In 1927 , the company was manufactured .
In 1962 , it was abolished in the Shinatsu Unku Ward .
It was kept at the site of the Niigata Railway School , and was restored by Umekoji Station , and was restored by Umekoji Station .
JNR / JR Card Type Card
In 1928 , the company was produced .
It was abolished in the Umekoji Ward district in 1950 .
It was preserved in 1961 and was preserved in the Museum of Fine Arts and Technology in 1961 .
JNR C55 steam locomotive
1935 : Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
The station was transferred from the Gofuku-gawa River .
In 1979 , he was dissolved .
JNR C56 steam locomotive ( a train car )
1939 : Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd.
It was transferred from the Matsumoto Transport Co . , Ltd .
JNR C57 steam locomotive : ( The train is operated by car ) .
In 1937 , the Kawasaki shako was made .
It was transferred from the Sakura Ward .
JNR C58 steam locomotive
In 1938 , the company was produced .
The station was transferred from the Kitami Station .
In 1987 , he was dissolved .
JNR steam locomotive locomotive
In 1946 , it was produced by the Japan Film Corporation .
The station was transferred from the Nara Station .
In 1979 , he was dissolved .
JNR C61 steam locomotive : ( there is a car )
In 1948 , the Mitsubishi Industry Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Miyazaki Ward .
In 1979 , the Kuzui ( Arita ) ( Arita Preservation ) ( Arita Hozondo )
In 1987 , he was restored .
JNR C62 steam locomotive
In 1948 , it was produced in the production of Japan .
In 1967 , it was abolished in the Hiroshima second ward .
In 1986 , it was designated as a national treasure , and in Hiroshima Railway Gakuen ( the Kobe school ) .
In 1994 , it was relocated to Umekoji .
C62 No. 2 : The C62 ( a car )
In 1948 , it was produced in the production of Japan .
It was transferred from Otaru Kubinchi Ward .
In 1979 , the Kuzui ( Arita ) ( Arita Preservation ) ( Arita Hozondo )
In 1987 , he was restored .
JNR Dam steam locomotive
It was produced in 1925 .
It was transferred from the Naokata district .
In 1979 , he was dissolved .
JNR 51 steam locomotive
1936 : Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd.
It was transferred from the Hamada district .
In 1987 , he was dissolved .
D51 200 : The number of cars : ( there is a car ) .
In 1938 , the Ministry of Railway Company ( Japan Railway Company ) was established .
It was transferred from the Nakatakawa-ku Ward .
In 1979 , the Kuzui ( Arita ) ( Arita Preservation ) ( Arita Hozondo )
In 1987 , he was restored .
National Railways : Type 52 steam locomotive
In 1946 , the Mitsubishi Industry Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Goryokaku ( Goryokaku ) .
In 1979 , he was dissolved .
JRR-W-20-type 10 : 10 ( 10 ) No. 2010
Picture : 6333333933
Picture : 50 of the Picture Dam : 50 : 50 : 50 : 50 : 50 : 50 : 00 .
Picture 51 : 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 / 1
Picture : 511-51 ( SCream ) : 200 : 00 ( Swedgo )
Picture : 5345 cubic 5545
The image of the image of the image : 160 ( SL ) No. 160 ( SL ) No. 160 ( SL )
Picture : 6088,011 J.P.
Picture R-621 - Camex C62 No. 621-1
JR-W-622 C62 No. 2 , 662
National Railways 10 Diesel Locomotive
There were two cars , and two cars were used .
JNR / JR car car
It is used as a room room .
There is a lot of use of the original form of the house , but the station is placed on the back side of the house , and the inside of the house is located .
It is also used to use a toe .
" Umekoji 9090 " ( West Japan Railway Company , 2004 ) ISBN 477770705
" JNR / JR Tokaido Line II " ( Yasunsha sha , 1984 ) ISBN 4586553012-
Seki Seki , ' Umekoji steam locomotive
" Railway Film " ( magazine ) , December 1994 , the first time of the first time in the first time of the first time of the ' Folk of Railway Company , ' AUmekoji steam .
In 1994 , the construction of Umekoji Park was built and the commemorative commemorative commemorative commemorations was held .
Kozan TAKAYAMA ' Umekoji , ' 1 , 1
Sumiya-sha Shrine , January 1998 - February 41-442
Shomyo is one of the traditional Japanese traditional music .
It is a religious music which is used for Buddhist scriptures .
In Japan , it is also called Bonbai , Bonshutsu .
The old Chinese character is written in the Chinese characters .
It is one of the academic fields of ancient India .
The five kinds of maki refers to five kinds of learning , such as the study of the study of the study of the study of the study of the study , the study of the study of the study of the study , and the study of the study of the study of Buddhism ( the study of Buddhism ) , Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics ) , and Ming ( the study of Buddhism ) .
It was introduced to Japan along with Japan .
In 754 , a memorial service held by the Great Buddha of Todai-ji Temple was held in the Nara period , and it is believed that Shomyo was active in the Nara period .
In the early Heian period , Saicho and Kukai had been handed down and became the head of the Tendai sect and Shingon Shomyo .
In the Tendai sect and the Shingon sect , there is a voice of each sect , and now it is still inherited .
In order to transmit the koden , the music was not included in Kuden .
Therefore , Denju was difficult to be difficult .
Later , hakase was invented .
There are differences in the specialties of each school .
However , the hakase is a reference for the reason that the hakase is a reference to the master , and if it is necessary , it is necessary to maintain the teachings of the school , and it is not possible to maintain the school 's school to their disciples .
Therefore , the leaders and successor were required .
As a result of various conditions , many schools disappeared .
The Tendai sect was introduced by Saicho , and its original development was developed .
After Saicho , Ennin and Annen were expelled .
The founder of the Yuzu Nenbutsu is known as the originator of Nakagoki .
In 1109 , Ryoo built the Raigo-in Temple ( Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City ) .
The sango ( literally , " mountain name " ) , which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple in Ohara , is called Mt . Uyama , and it is called Mt . Uoyama .
Before long , the temple was known as a dojo ( training hall ) of the Ohara-ryu school , and the two branch temples of Shoren-in Temple and Shorinin Temple .
In addition , Jakuhara became a member of the school , and in Ohara , the two schools of the two schools had been passed down .
Later , Muneyoshi was restored by Shukai .
Tanchi built a new theory based on the theory of new music .
After that , the central part of the Tendai sect was not inherited by the Tendai sect , and it was succeeded to the present Tendai sect .
Yuzu Nenbutsu sect is a line of the Jodo Shinshu sect , Jodo Shinshu sect , Jodo Shinshu sect .
It is the basis of Kukai 's teachings , and it has been passed down to today .
It was after Masamasa , who was a system of a system , was established .
In the Kancho era , he was also said to be the founder of the Nakatsukasa clan .
He served as a composition of Shomyo .
Many schools had many schools until the Kamakura period , but the four schools were compiled by Cloistered Imperial Prince Kakuho , the school of the school , the school of the school , the school of the Daigo school , the Daigo school , and the Nakagawa River . )
The Shomyo of the Shingon sect was abolished in the Edo period and abolished .
The school was abolished until around the middle of the Meiji period and the school of the school of the Shino school , the Shino school , and the Daigo school .
Currently , it is divided into Chiyama ( Chizan ) ( Chishakuin , Kyoto ) , Toyoyama ( Mt . Koya ) , Toyokoyama ( Mt . Koya ) , Nanzan Shinpo ( the Shingon sect of Shingon sect ) , Nanzan Shinpo ( Mt . Koya ) .
Chizan Shomyo ( New Shingon sect ) and Toyokoyama school of Shingon sect ( Shingi Shingon sect ) , the Shingon sect , the Shingon sect , and the Shingon sect , the school originated from the Nakagawa Oshinryu school .
Yorikane had been adopted by the old school of Daigo .
In 1583 , when the Negoro-ji Temple ( Wakayama Prefecture ) was burned down by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , both sides of Chiyama and Toyoyama were formed by the old schools of Daigo .
It is a characteristic of Toyokoyama , and is called ' Shomyo ' in Mt . Chizan .
The Nakagawa school of the Nanzan school was founded by Okanoshino NAKAGAWA , the head of the Nakagawa school .
The Nakagawa school was the Daijin of Nakagawa-dera Temple in Nara and Nakagawa .
In 1232 ( 1232 - 1233 ) , the Katsushinin of Mt . Koya was moved to Mt . Koya , and the Katsushinin of Sanpo-in Temple in Sanpo-in Temple moved to Mt . Koya .
Later , the name of Mt . Koya was also called Mt . Koya , and was called Nanzan school .
It is also called the school of the school and the school .
The music of Heikyoku ( Noh song ) , Noh song , and Joruri ( dramatic narrative chanted to a Noh play ) , can be said to be transformed into the transition of Shomyo .
The influence of hitoe music is greatly influenced by the music .
Emperor Tenchi .
A male .
The year 626 ( January 7 , 626 )
The eighth Emperor .
His posthumous name was Amenomihitamikoto no Mikoto .
His imina ( personal name ) was Katsuragi .
It is believed that he was also called Katsuragi no Miko .
He is generally known as Ono no Oe no Oji .
" Oi no Oe " means the crown prince , and ' Naka no Oe ' means ' the next Crown Prince . '
Summary
He was the second prince of Emperor Jomei .
His mother was Princess Hatsuhime ( later Emperor Kogyoku ) .
The Empress was Princess Yamatohime , a daughter of Prince Oji , who was a younger brother of her older brother .
He made a coup d 'etat and his uncle , SOGA no Iruka and killed SOGA no Iruka , and he was enthroned as Crown Prince .
Then , he established a new era name ( Taika no hen ( the Taika Reforms ) , the leading figure in the Taika Reforms ) .
In addition , he was sentenced to death by a coup d 'etat , and his power was executed .
Since Baekje was destroyed by the Tang Dynasty in 660 , he sent Paekcao Paung , who was staying in the Imperial Court , and tried to restore Kudara .
He stayed in Tsukushi in order to protect Baekje , but in 666 , Emperor Saimei passed away .
After that , he was not able to do so , but he was defeated in the Battle of Hakusukinoe in 663 , and he was enthroned as a result of the Battle of Hakusukinoe .
After the Battle of Hakusukinoe , the castle was established as a part of the policy of the defense of the land , fire , fire , and defense .
In addition , the rank of Jo ( lower rank ) was conducted by the ninth floor of the ninth floor .
In 670 , he made ' Koshin no Kuni ' ( Newspaper ) , which was the oldest family registration in Japan .
It is said that the Nihonshoki ( Chronicles of Japan ) that the Emperor Tenchi had to succeed the throne to the Imperial Prince Otomo and Prince Otomo .
However , after the death of Emperor Tenchi , Prince Oama ( Emperor Tenmu ) won the Prince Otomo 's victory in the Jinshin War .
After that , the Emperor Tenmu continued to become Emperor Shotoku .
After the death of Empress Shotoku , Prince Shirakabe , the grandson of Emperor Konin , ascended the throne as Emperor Konin , and after that , it became the Tenji line .
It is said that he had a daughter of Prince Nukata , who had been deprived of the Hata no Okimi ( Prince Nukata ) , and sent four daughters of the Prince Oama .
Brief History
626 :
July 12 , 645 : He became Crown Prince .
August 24 , 661 :
February 20 , 668 :
December 7 , 672 : 46 years old
( According to " Fuso Ryakki " ( A Brief History of Japan ) , it is said that the Emperor Tenmu 's assassination of the Emperor Tenmu was killed in the mountains , saying that he was the lord of the Imperial Palace , and he was killed by the Emperor Tenmu , and it is said that the Emperor Tenmu 's assassination of the Emperor Tenmu was killed in the mountains .
It is a mysterious mysterious mysterious mystery in the middle of the seventh century .
There are several theories about this .
It is a feelings that the Emperor Tenmu recommended Emperor Tenmu .
It is a misunderstanding that the Emperor Tenmu was a younger brother of Emperor Tenchi and the Emperor Tenmu , who was a younger brother of Emperor Tenchi , and the Emperor was a son of Emperor Jomei , who was the older maternal half-brother of Emperor Tenchi .
The Emperor Tenmu died at the age of Emperor Tenmu at the age of Emperor Tenchi in " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , and the year after the death of Emperor Tenchi .
However , there is no contradiction between the two historical materials , but there are many historical materials that have a difference between 8 and 9 .
On the other hand , there was a theory that the Emperor 's death was not good , but it was said that the Emperor 's death was not good , but the fact that the Emperor 's age of age was said to be the age of the Emperor Tenchi , but the age of 16 , which is described in " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , was the age of sixteen years old , when Emperor Jomei ascended the throne .
Therefore , the year of birth was in 614 , which was written in the same year , and in 614 , the year of the same year .
" In the ancient times , " the theory of " ancient times " was not rare in the ancient times , and it was not unusual in the ancient times , and it was not unusual that the Emperor was enthroned as the Emperor , and the Emperor was not enthroned .
It was a misunderstanding that it was a mistake .
There is also an opinion that the book is different from the fact that the book was compiled in the period when the book was compiled in the book " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which is also written as " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
( Refer to the article of ' Emperor Tenmu age ' )
The Isshi Incident was a coup d 'etat of Prince Karu ( Emperor Kotoku ) , and Prince Naka no Oe was dismissed from the position .
In recent years , the relationship between Naka no Oe no Oe and SOGA no Iruka was very good , and the basic policy was similar .
In this way , the reason why Prince Naka no Oe killed Iruka .
In addition , in the description of the Taika Reforms in Nihonshoki , this theory was accepted by the fact that the reconstruction of the Taika Reforms .
In addition , the reason why the Emperor Kogyoku 's abdication was not expelled after the Emperor Kogyoku 's abdication , so the other questions also explains that the Soga clan was expelled after the coup d 'etat .
It is a theory that the enthronement of Emperor Tenchi was enthroned .
This is because Emperor Kotoku who was described in " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was described in the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , is a poem that the Emperor 's wife was a wife of Emperor Tenchi ( the younger sister of Emperor Tenchi ) .
Although she was allowed to love love with her half-brothers , she was allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to have a close relationship with his brother , Prince Okaru , who was a sister of Chiko SANAKA , but he was disguised by his uncle , Ono no Okimi , who was a younger sister of his uncle , Ono no Okimi ( Emperor Kotoku ) .
It is said that after the death of Emperor Saimei , Princess Hime succeeded to the throne as the wife of the emperor , but there is a theory that it was written in some circumstances .
This is a theory that the person who was called ' the Imperial Prince ' in " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) is a theory that the Emperor was the Emperor who was the Emperor who was the Emperor who was the Emperor of the Emperor Tenchi .
There is a theory that she was called ' the Imperial Princess , ' and it is considered that she was called ' the Imperial Princess , ' but it is not necessarily certain whether it was Emperor Saimei .
There are also some historical materials such as the nature of history and historical materials , but it is difficult to conclude that it is difficult to compile the study of the study of archaeology .
Poems
It is also known as the Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) that four poems are handed down in Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
In Ogura Hyakunin Isshu ( the Ogura Hyakunin Isshu ) , the following poem was held as the founder of the Heian dynasty , and the following poem was added to the beginning .
The hollow of the field of the autumn field is wounded with a rope , and the warmer is wounded .
The following one is the following one .
The Kagiyama mountain is not to have a fear of the fact that it is a good luck , and it is not possible to have a great contribution to the ancient times of the gods .
Saionji family was a court noble who descended from the Fujiwara clan .
The Fujiwara clan was the Kanin line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan , and the family status was Seika .
The Toin family , Imadegawa family ( Kikutei family ) is a branch of the Saionji family .
He was also a powerful branch of the Saionji clan , who used the name of Saionji , and the Saionji clan of Iyo Province .
The family crest is used for the left .
The Saionji family was the founder of FUJIWARA no Michisue , the third son of FUJIWARA no Kinzane .
At the time of his great-grandson , Kintsune SAIONJI , he was in the Jokyu War as a member of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the Jokyu War , and he was confined to the Imperial Court as a member of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was confined to the Imperial Court as a member of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) after the Jokyu War , and then he was appointed to the position of Daijo daijin ( Grand minister of state ) .
The name of Saionji is derived from the name of a temple which was built in the villa of the villa in the villa of the villa in Kitayama , Kadono County , Yamashiro Province ( Kitayama , Kadono County , Yamashiro Province ) .
This hall is also called Kita-dono Palace , and the current Kinkaku-ji Temple was built by Yoshimitsu ASHIKAGA , and the current Kinkaku-ji Temple was built by Yoshimitsu ASHIKAGA .
He was supported by the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) after Kintsune , and also had a power to make Sekke ( regent family ) through the Kamakura period .
Sanekane SAIONJI was close to Daikakuji-to ( the Daikakuji line ) , and he was a daughter of Cloistered Emperor Kameyama and Emperor Godaigo .
However , after Kinhira SAIONJI , the son of the Daikakuji Daikakuji-to ( Imperial lineage of Daikakuji ) , he supported the Jimyoin Imperial line and deepened the conflict between Daikakuji-to ( Imperial lineage of Daikaku-ji Temple ) .
After that , the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was dismissed by the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the time of Kinmochi SAIONJI .
Kinmune sheltered the remnants of the Hojo clan , and he assassinated Emperor Godaigo , who started the Kenmu Restoration , and planned to establish the Kenmu Restoration , and planned a rebellion against the Emperor Godaigo , who was the successor of the Jimyoin line , and was arrested and executed by Kinshige SAIONJI , a younger brother of his younger brother Kinshige SAIONJI .
During the period of the Northern and Southern Courts , Sanetoshi SAIONJI , a son of Kinmune , served the Northern Court ( Japan ) and was appointed to Udaijin ( minister of the right ) and restored the family name .
It was also known as a family business in the Muromachi period and the Edo period .
In the early Edo period , Saneharu SAIONJI , the legitimate son of Tadaoki HOSOKAWA ( later disinherited ) , went to Nagaoka-yuru ( the Imperial Palace ) to the Imperial Palace , and he went to the position of Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) , and was appointed to Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) , but Kyunu NAGAOKA was given 600 koku and gave birth to 600 koku , and he was given 600 koku of rice crop yields .
In the end of the Edo period , Kinmochi SAIONJI was adopted by the Tokudaiji family of the Kanin school , and he was active as a politician in the Meiji Restoration and became a statesman of the Meiji Restoration , and he was active as a statesman of the Taisho and Showa periods .
In addition , it is said that the performance of the biwa ( biwa ) of the Saionji family was a wedding , but it is said that the fact that the Emperor Meiji had a biwa of the Emperor Meiji , he was ordered to be a member of the Imperial Household Ministry , and he was ordered by the Imperial Household Ministry , and he was made by the Imperial Household Ministry , and he was also a member of the Imperial Household Ministry .
Mt . Hiei is a mountain located in the western part of Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture and the northeastern part of Kyoto City .
It is a general term for the two pages of Mt . Hiei ( 8488.3 meters ) in Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City and Sakyo Ward , and the name of Shimono-gami is a general term for the two pages .
The three triangles of Daiei are located in Otsu City .
It is believed to be the mountain worship of Mt . Koya and the Mt . Koya and the Hiyoshi Taisha Shrine .
It is included in Higashiyama ( Kyoto Prefecture ) .
The name is also known as Eizan , Hokan , Tendai , and Fuji .
Summary
It is located in the northeast of the north east of Kyoto , and Mt . Hiei is considered to be the mountain of the castle of the castle .
In Kojiki , Mt . Hiei is written as " Hiuyama " ( Mt . Hiei ) , which is written as " Mt . Hie " in Omi Province , and it is said that the god of Mt . Hiei was enshrined in Mt . Hie in Omi Province .
After Enryaku-ji Temple was founded , the Oyama no kami was considered as the guardian deity of the Tendai sect and Enryaku-ji Temple , and the mountain worship of Mt . Oyama was spread to the god of Mt . Hiei .
The temple is a mountain where the temple is dedicated to the temple and Mt . Hiei at the foot of Mt . Hiei , and the temple is a mountain mountain , and is a mountain mountain .
There are also many mountains , such as the mountain climate , and the climate of the mountain , which is located in the Shukakuin , Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , and the mountain road , which is located in Sakamoto , Sakyo Ward , Shiga Prefecture ( Otsu City ) and Sakamoto ( Otsu City ) .
The temple is a road that runs from ancient times to Kyoto and Enryaku-ji Temple , and today , there are many visitors to visit the mountain , and many visitors are still available .
There is a natural landscape that runs from Otsu to Ohara to Kyoto .
In order to make a lot of tourists to see the mountain , there is a lot of tourists visit to the top of the mountain .
In the past , there was a place where Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei were located , and the site of the site was closed until 2002 , and the site of the site of the site of the site was called ' Gaolan Museum , ' the site of the site of the site .
In addition , there was a forest in the Kyoto side , but it was closed on November 30 , 2001 , and the site was closed on November 30 , 2001 .
Daiei and Yakujingaku
According to the land survey of the land land , it is a general term for Mt . Hiei and the west of the west , and the top of the east is a general term .
In the ' Record of the Past , ' the name of the section is called ' Mt . Hiei ' ( Mt . Hiei ) , which is located in the east .
This Sankangan is located on the border between Otsu City and Kyoto City , but it is located in Otsu City .
When there is a mountain from Kyoto Basin , it is difficult to confirm the top of Mt . Hiei and it is difficult to see the top of Mt . Hiei .
In the Eizan Electric Railway , the Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , the top of Mt . Hiei is located at the top of Mt . Hiei .
There are many theories about the name of the name of the country , and there are many theories about the name of the land of the land , such as ' Shiyakuho , ' ' Shiyakuho , ' and ' Shiyakuho , ' ' the name of Kyoto City ' and ' Shiyomine . '
The name of Mt . Hiei , which is the name of Mt . Hiei , is the name of the Tendai sect , which originated from the Tendai sect , Mt . Shimei , and its name is derived from the Tendai Sect of the People 's Republic of China .
Geography
Mt . Hiei ( left )
The area of Tanba Province is divided into the boundary between the mountains and the flag .
Therefore , it is considered to belong to Mt . Hiei or Mt . Hiei .
Access
Mt . Hiei Railway ( Sakamoto Cable ) ( Sakamoto Cable )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Eizan Cable )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd .
Mt . Hiei Drive
Kyoto Prefectural Road 30 , Shiga Prefectural Road 30 , Kamo Line ( Nakasen-dori Street )
Mt . Hiei Drive Bus / Hieizan Shopping Bus
The Keihan Bus Yamashina Office
Kyoto Bus Arashiyama Line ( Mt . Hiei Drive )
TV broadcasting station
In the Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , the television of Kyoto Prefecture is installed in Kyoto Prefecture .
As a result of the power of Shiga Prefecture , it has been established as an anananti .
Details of the ground level : Broadcasting Corporation
April 1 , 2005 : The station was broadcasted .
Industrial station : Broadcasting Corporation
Bingo
The TV program of Osaka Broadcasting Co . , Ltd . , BBS , BBS , broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting , BBC , and Telephone Television broadcasting broadcasting , and the TV broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting by Osaka Broadcasting Co . , Ltd .
There is a lot of people who are in the NHK NHK , including the NHK NHK , NHK , and so on .
Tokai-do Gojusan-no-tsugi
It is a guidance for the Tokaido Road that connected Edo ( Tokyo Metropolitan Chuo Ward ) and Kyoto ( Sanjo-Ohashi Bridge ) .
This section describes the following description .
The Ukiyoe ( Japanese woodblock prints ) by Hiroshige UTAGAWA , who painted the fifty-three stations of Tokaido Road ( the end of the end of the station ) .
The futon futon of the Food Federation which was sold from Susanoo .
Tokaido Gojusan-no-Jitsugi ( The Three Tales of Tokaido )
Tokai-do Road is a road that runs along the Tokaido Road , which is built in the Edo period , and the section between the Tokaido Road and the Tokaido Road , which runs through the Tokaido Road .
In many cases , the site of 53 was often established in the site of the scenery and famous famous sites , and it was often often often used as a subject of Ukiyoe ( Japanese woodblock prints ) and haiku ( a haiku poet ) .
In the case of the fifty-three tasks , it is referred to as the fifty-seven syllables , and it is the fifty-seven syllables .
The following are classified into the following :
The number of the number is the number of the number of the river .
* The autonomous autonomous autonomous body of the municipality disappeared in the Heisei period .
Nihonbashi ( Chuo Ward , Tokyo )
1 . Shinagawa ( Shinagawa Ward , Tokyo )
2 . Kawasaki no juku ( Kawasaki Ward , Kanagawa Prefecture )
3 . Kanagawa no juku ( Kanagawa Ward , Kanagawa Prefecture )
4.4 : Yagatani , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture
5.5 Takarazuka ( Takarazuka Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
6.6 Fujisawa-juku ( Fujisawa City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
7 . Hirazuka ( Hiratsuka City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
8.8 Oiso-juku ( Kanagawa Prefecture , Kanagawa Prefecture )
9 : Odawara ( Odawara City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
10 . Hakone juku ( located in Hakone , Ashigate-gun , Kanagawa Prefecture )
11.3 Sanka-juku Station ( Mishima City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
12 . Numazu ( Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
13 : The Sakaido ( Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
14 . Yoshiwa-juku ( Fuji City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
15 : Gabaka-juku ( Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
16.Y. Yu-juku ( Yu-machi , Ihara County , Shizuoka Prefecture )
17 : Okuki-juku ( Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
18.EGEJURI ( former Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
19.7 Fuchu no Kyuku ( Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
20.1 jukjuku ( Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
221 : Okabe no juku ( Shita Town , Shizuoka Prefecture )
222 : Fujie-juku ( Fujiashi City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
23 . Shimada Shuku ( Shimada City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
24.24.Kaya Shuku ( Shimada City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( former Kanaya-cho , Shimada City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
25 : Hizaka-juku ( Kakegawa City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
26.Kakegawa-juku ( Kakegawa City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
27 . Fukurokjuku ( Fukuroi City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
28.2m shukubu ( Iwata City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
29.Hamamatsu-shuku ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
30 : Bokazuka-juku ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
331 Shinjuku ( Shinmachi Town , Hama County , Shizuoka Prefecture )
32 : Hakusa-juku ( Kosei City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
33 : Ikakawa-juku ( Toyohashi City , Aichi Prefecture )
434 Yoshida juku ( Toyohashi City , Aichi Prefecture )
35 : Oyuki-juku ( Toyokawa City , Aichi Prefecture )
36 : Akasaka juku ( Toyokawa City , Aichi Prefecture )
37 : Fujikawa-juku ( Okazaki City , Aichi Prefecture )
38 : Okazaki-juku ( Okazaki City , Aichi Prefecture )
339 : Oiki-koihi-juku ( Chichi City , Aichi Prefecture )
40 : Naruki-juku ( Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture )
441 Miyakiya-juku ( Atsuta Ward , Nagoya City )
442 Kuwana Station ( Kuwana City , Mie Prefecture
4.44.444.44.44.4 .
44.1 Yakushi Yakushijuku ( Suzuka City , Mie Prefecture )
45 : Shoya juku ( Suzuka City , Mie Prefecture )
46 : Kameyama Station ( Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
447 Sekiyado ( Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
448 : Sakasuke no juku ( Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
449 : Shukiya-juku ( Koka City , Shiga Prefecture ) ( former Tsuchiyama-cho , Koga County , Shiga Prefecture )
50 : Minakuuchi-juku ( Koka City , Shiga Prefecture )
51 : Bound for the Iwabe no juku ( located in Koan City , Shiga Prefecture )
52 : Kusatsu-juku ( Kusatsu City , Shiga Prefecture )
553 Otsu-juku ( Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture )
Sanjo Ohashi Bridge ( Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
According to one theory , Ieyasu TOKUGAWA said to have been a priest of the Bugen Bosatsu ( Fugen Bosatsu ) in Edo ( Kegata ) in Edo , which is said to have been the place of the three hundred people of Bugen Bosatsu ( Bugen Bosatsu ) in the order of Bugen Bosatsu ( Bugen Bosatsu ) in the order of Bugen Bosatsu .
It was established in 1619 as the station of the Tokaido Road ( Osaka Kaido Road ) .
It is sometimes called the Tokaido Gojunshichichi ( the fifty-seven shrines of the Tokaido Road ) .
In the case of the Tokaido Road , the route between the Sanjo-Ohashi Bridge is located in the southwest of Otsu Ohashi Bridge ( Outa-machi , Otsu City ) , which is located in the southwest of Otsu Station ( Otsu City ) , and the following is the Fushimi-juku .
It is classified into the ryoseikoku .
The first number of the number is different .
The number of the number is the same as the Shinagawa juku ( Musashi Province ) .
54 : Fushimi-juku ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
5.5 Yodo-juku ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
5.Hirakata no juku ( Hirakata City , Osaka Prefecture )
5.Moriguchi-juku Station ( Mororiguchi City , Osaka Prefecture )
Goryeo ( Chuo Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture )
Note , the temple was located in Kyobashi ( Chuo Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture ) , and it was located in the border between the border between Chuo Ward , Osaka Prefecture .
" Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) was written in the middle of the Heian period , and it is said that the book was written by Shonagon , Shonagon , and others .
" Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Harune-sho " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Shunsho " ( The Pillow Book ) , and " Seishonmakura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book of the Past ) is the oldest of the manuscript in the Kamakura period .
It was also called " Seishuroki " ( The Diary of Shonagon ) .
He had a great impact on the story of the middle of the Heian period , which was the same as the " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , and he had a great influence on renga ( linked verse ) , haikai ( a traditional Japanese poem of thirty-one syllables ) , and Kanazoshi ( a syllabary of Japanese poetry ) .
It is also known as the three major history books of Japan , such as " Hojoki " ( The Record of the Hojo clan ) written by Chomei YOSHIDA , and " Tsurezure Gusa " by Kaneyoshi YOSHIDA .
It is pointed out that there is a similar style of " Goya-zusan " ( a book of Japanese poetry ) written by Ji Shakin , a poet of the late Tang Dynasty , which is a unique body , and it is not found .
According to the text of the end of the chapter , the origin of the book was made by FUJIWARA no Korechika , Minister of the Interior , and the name of the name of the name of the name of the emperor , was presented by FUJIWARA no Teishi , the younger sister of the Emperor , and then , when he asked him to write the letter of ' The Emperor 's side , ' the Emperor asked him to write a letter of ' The Emperor 's side , ' but he answered that he was the lower ranking officer of the Imperial Palace .
In addition , it was given that the paper was given to the shrine , and it was written in the book that the book was written by the book , " Makura no Makura " ( The Pillow of the Makura no Makura ) , the manuscript of the manuscript , and the manuscript of the manuscript , " Makura no Makura " ( The Pillow of the Pillow of the Pillow ) , the manuscript of the manuscript , and the manuscript of the manuscript . )
The name of ' Makura no Soshi ' is a theory that the name of ' Makura no Soshi ' came from this .
According to the " Makura no Soshi no Kenkyu " ( The Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi ) , he was a researcher of the past and his own theory , and the researchers such as Shinobu ORIGUCHI , Nobuo IKEDA and Kikan IKEDA .
The following is a representative theory .
Structure : ' Shiki ( historical history ) , ' which is called ' Shiki ( historical history ) . '
Letters of the writer : The text of the book is often described as a part of the text , and the term " sarac " is often used .
The Bephoku theory : It is said to be a son of a child , as a soshi ( a child ) , which is also written as a zoshi ( a kind of demon ) .
The book of Hokuzo
Religious theory
However , there is no clear theory .
In addition , the ' Makura no Soshi ' was used as a common name for the beauty of beautiful beauty in " Eiga Monogatari " ( The Tale of Eiga ) .
In the first month , the first edition was written in the same book , and in 996 , Tsunefusa was brought from the author of the family , MINAMOTO no Tsunefusa , who was the head of the family .
There is also a description that it was written in the end of the Kanei era ( the end of the Kanei era ) and it was written in around the end of the Kanei era .
The text of " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) written in " The Tale of Genji , " which is written in " The Tale of Genji , " which is written in " The Tale of Genji , " which is a complicated process of the Tale of Genji .
The difference between the book is a large difference in the story .
It consists of three volumes , and the three volumes are the three volumes .
It is written in 1228 , which is a book that is said to have been written by FUJIWARA no Teika , who was a person who was called " Gogu " ( a man of a long time ) .
It is considered that the most ancient times was read as ' Buni Bunzashi . '
The two types of Kikan IKEDA were classified into two types .
The first book is a book that started from the beginning of the beginning of the first volume of the book , ' The spring of the spring , ' and the book was started from ' Kochi . '
It is about 230 .
Yomei Bunko Library , the Imperial Household Archives , and the Shosamon of the Imperial Household Archives , and the Takamatsumiya family .
The second book ( Otono ) - 300 stories
Yatomi Temio : A collection of Kuramono Library and the Kuramono Library of the Date family , the former Kuramon Library of the Kajuji family , and the old manuscript of the Kanjuji Library , the former book of the Koto Library .
It is said that the family was brought to the family 's relationship with Shonagon , a son of Shonagon , and the wife of TACHIBANA no Norinaga , a son of Shonagon , who was a son of Shonagon .
It came back to the end of the Kamakura period .
It has been widely accepted that the book is that the dispute between the three volumes and the three volumes is the same as that of the original book of the book , and the original book of the original book is the same as the original book .
It is about 230 volumes of the beginning of the beginning .
300 books
It is a form of concrete style .
It is a transcription in the Muromachi period .
There is a record that the name of Sakamoto was written by Katakata KIYOHARA , who lived in Sakai , which was a priest who lived in Sakai , and the name of Sakamoto was written .
The second volume .
The diary is not included in Nikki ( diary ) and " Ken " ( The Present ) .
Gokogon-in Temple : 190 story
There is a record that Emperor Gokogon was copied .
This book was written by Shinkan .
It is a story of 95 stories .
The two kinds of these two types were made .
In general , the Sakamoto-bon refers to this .
It is one of the volume 107 .
The second volume of volume .
The third volume is 102 .
It is one of the four stories .
5 volumes
It is a form of concrete style .
There are only a lot of books in Kaga Province and Maeda family ( Maeda Sutoku Association ) .
It is a box box with gold powder , and it is written as " Seishuro-soshi " ( The Pillow Book of the Past ) in the box .
It is an important cultural property .
It is said that the oldest volume of " Makura no Soshi " was written in the early Kamakura period .
Among them , the Hon-bon manuscript of the Sakamoto-bon line is included in " Gunsho Ruiju " ( Collection of Gunsho Ruiju ) , and the three types of Sakamoto ( the book of books ) are included in " Shin Gunsho Ruiju " ( Collection of Historical documents of the New Year ) .
In addition , in the early Edo period , it was used as the original text of the old edition of the early Edo period ( Kanei era ) , and it became the mainstream of the book , and the main mainstream of the book was the main mainstream of the book , " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) and " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) .
However , in 1946 , the second volume of the three volumes was reevaluated by Shigaro TANAKA ( 1917 - 1987 ) , and after World War II , the following was published as a result of publication and books .
In addition , it is believed that the book was written in the late Kamakura period , which was written in the late Kamakura period , and the " Makura no Soshi Ekotoba " ( Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi ) , a picture scroll of the " Makura no Soshi Ekotoba " ( Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi ) , which was written in the late Kamakura period .
The second volume of the book is the second volume of the three volumes , and the number of the three volumes is more than 300 .
The ' Mushi ' ( a Chinese character ) , ' Mushi no Hana ' ( The Pillow of the Past ) , ' Utsuji kuru ' , ' Utsukiri ' , ' Utsukiri , ' and ' The Details of the Life ' ( Nikki ) , which are the same as the ' Eigiju ' ( a diary of a diary ) , and the author of the Imperial Court , who held the Imperial Court society and the other in the Imperial Court society , and the author of the Imperial Court , which had been the same as the ' Eigiju ' ( a diary of the Empress ) , and the author of the Imperial Court , who had served as the author of the ' Mu no Hana ' ( The Life of the Past ) , and the author of the Imperial Court , who had served as a ' mushi . '
However , the classification of the classification is not clear , and there is also a theory that ' the spring is the same as the first ' spring . '
It is written in a simplified style of Japanese literature which used a hiragana ( Japanese syllabary ) , and a short story of a short story of a simple character , which is a simple character of the family , and the head of the family , and the wife of his lord Teishi , reflects the situation that he had a strong sense of love and his lord , Teishi .
The author of the author was sophisticated , and he made a good reputation in " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , and he made a good sense of beauty , ' a beautiful world . '
Program
As the Makura no Kusoshi was a human , human existence and nature , which was deeply loved by human nature , was a kind of fashion ( a kind of mask ) , which was a variety of textile and formed .
According to the Itsuki , the idea of the idea that each of the two parts of the above were made by the following , they were not very Ayanoken , and they were not Ayanoken , and they were not Ayanoken , and they were not Ayanoken ( a kind of demon ) .
The expression ' Suebushi - Toki ' ( Spring ) , which is seen in the Kokin Wakashu ( A Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ) , is a kind of ' sounds ' which is seen in a traditional Japanese traditional style , and the story is a kind of sense of sense of sense of beauty of people who are familiar with waka ( Japanese traditional Japanese poem of thirty-one syllables ) , which is seen in the Kokin Wakashu ( A Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ) , and the story is a kind of sense of sense of sense of beauty .
It is a good belief that the Empress Teishi is a good person .
It was written in order to keep the soul of a child who was written in order to keep the soul of a child .
The reason why the decline of Michitaka 's decline is not clear .
In addition to the above , the story of the chugu is also said to have been a political period of the Emperor , and in the case of chugu , the Emperor 's reins of the Emperor and the Empress , and the Emperor 's rebels ( Kozuke Province ) insisted that the Emperor would live in the world of the emperor .
criticism of criticism
It is a Asabari ( a kind of Japanese demon ) , which is a Asabari ( a kind of Japanese scientific ) , which is the same as that of Shonagon ( Shonagon ) , and it is a thin sandle which is said to be the same as the same as the ' Akiyama ' ( Mt . Akiyama ) .
( It is not only the same as a person who is not only a member of the family . )
It was not written in the " Teishi no Miya no Eki " ( The Record of the Imperial Palace ) , but it was not written by the qualification of ' ' .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA was the fifteenth Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ( the reign of the shogun in December 5 , 1866 - December 9 , 1867 ) .
He was the only shogun who did not hold the post of the shogun as a shogun .
He was a Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) , Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) , and the Order of the Order of the Order of State .
The House of Peers ( Japan )
After the death of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , the 14th shogun of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , he was appointed as the 15th shogun of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) after the death of the shogun .
After the Emperor Meiji returned to the government , he tried to rebuild the Imperial Court and the Battle of Toba-Fushimi in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi after the Restoration of Imperial Rule ( Japan ) , and he returned to Edo-jo Castle from the Imperial Court to the Edo Castle , and he was confined to the Edo Castle .
In the Meiji period , he was dismissed and he was dismissed as a kin , and lived until the Taisho period .
It is also read as ' Yoshinobu ' or ' Yoshiki ' as well as the name of ' Yoshinobu . '
There is a record that he was called " Yoshihiko " in the official documents of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
The name of the book is also written as ' a ' in Japanese newspapers and English newspaper .
In Mito City , which is a place where it is a place , it is often called ' Yoshino ' in Shizuoka City , which is called ' Ikki . '
According to the people who know Yoshinobu 's death , Yoshinobu 's real name was called ' Ikeki-sama ' ( literally , ' a scarlet ' ) , and his younger brother , Akitake TOKUGAWA , was called ' Ikki . '
It is said that Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA , who succeeded Yoshinobu after Yoshinobu , was called ' Keiguri ' ( literally , " a sickle " ) .
The two types of ' Ikki ' and ' Iki-san , ' which are considered to have been used , are often used in various places , but they are often used in various places , but they are often used in various places in the case of ' kiki-san . '
Ryotaro SHIBA said that ' I have been a member of the former retainers of the former Shogunate , ' but it is possible that he was deeply respected by a person who was in the Higo clan who was a member of the Higo clan who had been overthrown by overthrowing the Shogunate .
On September 29 , 1837 , he was born as the seventh son of Nariaki TOKUGAWA , the ninth lord of the Mito Domain in Edo , and the ninth lord of the domain .
His mother was Princess Yoshiko ( the third wife of the third Shogun , Iemitsu TOKUGAWA ) and his mother was the lawful wife of Iemitsu TOKUGAWA .
However , the real mother of Iemitsu is said to have been the lawful wife of Hidetada , the lawful wife of Hidetada , but there is a theory that the Kasuga no Tsubone was the mother of his mother .
His childhood name was Shichiro .
In the education policy of Nariaki , who was said to have been allowed to foster a child , he moved to the Mito Domain in seven months after his death , and he was taught to the school of learning and martial arts from the Tokugawa family to succeed to the Tokugawa family .
He was so much that he had been attracted from the time when Yoshinobu was in the same time , and when Nariaki was adopted by the other family , he was not allowed to go to the other family , and the first son , Yoshiatsu TOKUGAWA , and Yoshiatsu TOKUGAWA .
On August 1 , 1847 , the Emperor ordered him to be the heir of the Mito Domain to the Mito Domain , and was ordered to be the successor of the Hitotsubashi family of the Mito Domain .
He was given the family name of Shichiro , and in December , he was given the name of the 12th Shogun , Ieyoshi TOKUGAWA , and took the name of Yoshinobu from the 12th Shogun Ieyoshi TOKUGAWA .
Ieyoshi visited the residence of Yoshinobu as a candidate candidate for the heir to the shogun , but he gave him to his successor , Masahiro ABE , who was a member of roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) .
In 1853 , when the Russian family , Ieyoshi died of illness , the 13th shogun Iesada TOKUGAWA , who had succeeded to the throne , had no children , and the 13th shogun Iesada TOKUGAWA , who had succeeded the family , had a child , saying that ' I should not have a child . '
The Nanki group of the Ou clan , who recommended Yoshinobu , who recommended Yoshinobu , and the lord of the Hikone Domain , Naosuke II , who was the lord of the Satsuma clan , and the lord of the Satsuma Domain , who supported Yoshinobu SHIMAZU , the lord of the Hikone Domain , who was the lord of the Kishu Domain , and the lord of the domain , Yoshifuku TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain .
The Hitotsubashi group was sent to the O-oku ( inner part of the inner palace ) as the adopted daughter of Nariakira SHIMAZU , and in 1858 , Masahiro ABE , Nariakira SHIMAZU , and Nariakira SHIMAZU , who had lost his position as Dairo ( chief minister ) , was decided to be the chief minister , and Naosuke II , who became Tairo ( chief minister ) , was decided to be the shogun .
In the same year , Naosuke II , who was not Imperial sanction , took charge of the Treaty of Amity and Commerce and Commerce and Commerce .
Yoshinobu asked Nariaki , the lord of Fukui Domain , and others , but he asked Naosuke , who was in charge of his retirement , and he was suspended by his retirement in 1859 ( Ansei no Taigoku [ Ansei no Taigoku ] ) , and in 1859 he was confined to his retirement .
In addition , he was not able to take the position of Shogun 's heir , but he sent his letter to Nariaki , saying , ' I will not have been able to take over the country . '
In 1860 , he was confined .
In 1862 , the Imperial envoy , Shigetomi OHARA , entered Edo , and Emperor Komei , who was the shogun , went to Edo , and ordered the Emperor Komei to serve as Shogun , and ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA 's guardian , Shungaku MATSUDAIRA ( Yoshinaga ) should be appointed to Tairo . '
On July 6 , the bakufu appointed Yoshinobu as the guardian of the shogun and the president of Shungaku .
Yoshinobu , and Shungaku , who was called the Bunkyu Reforms , was established in the Bunkyu Reforms , and in the case of Sankinkotai ( a system of centralized government based on the ritsuryo code ) , he was established in the same year .
In 1863 , he went to Kyoto as a member of the Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and he made a negotiation with the Imperial Court who expelled foreigners .
Emperor Komei visited Iwashimizu Hachiman-gu Shrine , and he was forced to take a sword to Iemochi , who had been given a sword from the Emperor to the Emperor , and he was forced to take an audience with Iemochi , and he was forced to take an audience with Iemochi .
When the Sonno Joi group ( supporters of the expulsion of foreigners ) , who was centered on the Choshu Domain in the Coup of August 18 , he went to Kyoto again to join the conference of the Imperial Court and the Sabaku-ha group , and he went to Kyoto again .
However , the conference was not able to make the conference of the meeting , and he made a drunk at the sake brewery with Imperial Prince Kuninomiya Asahiko , who had been drunk at the meeting with Imperial Prince Kuninomiya Asahiko , and he was able to collapse , and he was not selected for the purpose of making a violent saying , ' I 'm you to kill Shimazu from Shimazu ' to Nakagawa no Miya .
After that , the Imperial Court stayed in Kyoto and was appointed to the governor of the Imperial Court , and was appointed to the post of Shugo ( provincial constable ) , Katamori MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of the Aizu Domain ) , and Sadaaki MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of the Kuwana Domain ) , and the court nobles and court nobles ( the lord of the Kuwana Domain ) , and the court nobles .
In the Rebellion of Tenguto , the retainers of the Mito Domain , such as Yusai TAKEDA , who supported Yoshinobu supported Yoshinobu , and the retainers of the Mito Domain , who supported Yoshinobu .
In 1864 , he commanded the army of the bakufu in the Kinmon Incident and attacked the Choshu army which occupied the Takatsukasa residence .
When the first conquest of Choshu , he made an effort to make the Imperial sanction of the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and Japan .
In the second conquest of Choshu in 1866 , Yoshinobu received an imperial order to conquer Choshu Domain .
However , the Satsuma clan , who formed the Choshu Alliance , was defeated by the bakufu army , and the bakufu army was defeated .
On July 20 , the second conquest of Choshu , Iemochi died in Osaka-jo Castle .
Yoshinobu issued an imperial edict to the Imperial Court , and succeeded in the decisive battle .
He was recommended by Iemochi , but Yoshinobu refused this .
On August 20 , the Tokugawa Shogun family inherited the position of shogun , but he refused to be appointed as shogun .
After that , roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) asked the shogun to become shogun , but on December 5 , he was appointed to Shogun as Shogun , and on December 5 , he assumed the position of shogun .
This was because the shogun was able to become a shogun , and he was able to take advantage of politics .
Yoshinobu had a reinforcements of 240,000 dolls from France to France and the French minister , and established a military system to establish a military reform , and established a military system to establish a military reform , and started to establish a military reform .
Also , he encouraged his younger brother Akitake TOKUGAWA , who was a retainer of the shogun , who was sent to Europe , and he encouraged him to study in Europe .
In the issue of Hyogo Port , the Imperial Court received an imperial sanction by the Imperial Court .
Yoshinobu , who was the ' bakufu to overthrow the shogunate , ' was given to the Imperial Court on October 14 , 1867 , and on October 14 , 1867 , he was permitted to return to the Imperial Court ( Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) ) .
It is said that the Imperial Court decided that the Imperial Court was not able to do so , and it is said that the Tokugawa government had been trying to rebuild the Tokugawa government .
However , Toshimichi OKUBO , Tomomi IWAKURA and Tomomi IWAKURA , who aimed to overthrow the Shogunate , were issued in December , and Yoshinobu was ordered to be the Minister of the Imperial Palace , and Yoshinobu was ordered to be appointed as Naidaijin ( Minister of the Interior ) .
Yoshinobu left Osaka-jo Castle to avoid conflict , and he was sent to foreign countries and sent them to the Imperial Court , and he made a vocal shape to the Imperial Court , and then he was allowed to take the position of the Imperial Court .
However , in 1868 , the Satsuma Domain raised an army in Edo City , and in the Edo City , the Satsuma Domain was blocked by the Satsuma clan and Kuwana Domain .
However , in the Battle of Toba and Fushimi , the former Shogunate army had a fear of power , and the army of the former bakufu was not involved in the battle , and he retreated to Edo in the " Kaiyo maru " ( a book of Japanese military exploits ) .
Until the time , the government army led by Yoshinobu , who had been the enemy of the Imperial Court , started the expedition to the east , and the government army led by the Taisoku and Arisugawanomiya Taruhito .
Yoshinobu insisted that he was to suppress the resistance of the resistance of the resistance against Tadayuki OGURI .
In February , he took over the situation of Kaishu KATSU and confined himself in the Kanei-ji Temple in Kozuke Province .
He was adopted by the head of the Tokugawa family , Kannosuke TAN ( later Iemochi TOKUGAWA ) .
When the negotiations with the government army , the government army , the government army , Takamori SAIGO , was moved to Mito , and he was forced to move to Mito , and he was forced to move to Mito Domain , and he was confined to the house of the school of the domain school .
In July , the Tokugawa family moved to Sunpu , which was transferred to the Tokugawa family .
Enshin HARA ( a feudal retainer of the Mito Domain )
Shiro HIRAOKA ( a vassal of the Hitotsubashi Tokugawa family )
Saishu ( Shogun ) ( a political adviser to the shogun Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA )
Toki TOKI
Chojuro NAKANE ( a vassal of the Tokugawa family )
Magotaro UMEZAWA
Ejuro KAWAKAMI
Chikamochi MATSUDAIRA
In September 1869 , he was dismissed from confinement in the Boshin War .
After that , he was involved in politics , and he was able to live in his life , such as photographs , hunting , and so on .
In 1897 , he moved to Sugamo , Tokyo .
In the following year , he visited the Imperial Palace , and was an audience with Emperor Meiji .
In 1902 , he was conferred the title of a peerage and the head of the family , and the head family of the head family of the family .
In 1910 , he transferred the family estate to Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA and retired .
In 1913 , he died .
He was 77 years old at the age of 77 , and he was the best of the successive shogun .
* It is written on the day of the Tenpo calendar until 1872 .
1847
On September 1 , he inherited the Hitotsubashi family .
December 1 : He changed his name to Yoshinobu .
On the same day , he was appointed to Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) Sakone gon no chujo ( Provisional Middle Captain of the Left Division of Inner Palace Guards ) and Gyobukyo ( Minister of Justice ) .
On December 3 , 1855 , she married Kako , an adopted daughter of Tadataka ICHIJO .
He was appointed to Sangi ( councilor ) .
In 1857 , he became a candidate candidate for Iesada TOKUGAWA .
In August 1859 , he was confined to confinement in the Ansei no Taigoku ( suppression of suppression of the Shogunate ) and was confined to confinement .
In September 1860 , he was confined to his house and confinement .
1862
On July 6 , he succeeded the Hitotsubashi family .
On the same day , he was appointed as the Shogun 's guardian .
November : He was transferred to Gon Chunagon .
In December 1863 , he assumed the position of Chairyo ( a member of the Council of State ) .
1864
On March 9 , he resigned from the post of Chogyo .
On March 25 , he resigned from the post of shogun .
On the same day , he was appointed to the post of the governor of the Imperial Palace and the Commander-in-Chief of the Sacred Treasure .
In the Kinmon Incident , he took part in the battle .
1866
On July 30 , he resigned from the post of the governor of the Imperial Palace .
August 20 : He succeeded to the head of the Tokugawa family .
On December 5 , he was appointed to Shonii Gon Dainagon ( Senior Second Rank , Provisional Chief Councilor of State ) and Ukone no daisho ( Major Captain of the Right Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
On the same day , he was appointed as Seii Taishogun .
1867
In September , he was transferred to Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) .
Retained his position as Ukone no daisho .
On October 14 , he returned to Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) .
On December 9 , he resigned as Seii Taishogun .
April 11 , 1868 : He was dismissed .
On September 28 , 1869 , he was dismissed .
On January 6 , 1872 , he returned to Jushii ( Junior Fourth Rank , Lower Grade ) .
On May 18 , 1880 , he was promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) .
June 20 , 1888 : He was promoted to Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) .
On November 19 , 1897 , he moved to Tokyo .
On March 2 , 1898 , he had an audience with Emperor Meiji ( after Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) ) .
On June 3 , 1902 , he was conferred a peerage .
The Tokugawa family was allowed to establish ' Tokugawa Yoshinobu ' ( a title of a peerage ) .
Kizokuin ( December 1910 )
1908
On April 30 , he received the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun with the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun .
On December 8 , he retired .
He died on November 22 , 1913 .
On the same day , he was awarded the Grand Cordon of the Rising Sun .
He was in charge of military arts and learning , and he was a great master of martial arts , and he was a master of swordsmanship , and he was a master of swordsmanship .
After Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , he was counted as a famous person in swordsmanship , and was counted among the most famous persons in swordsmanship .
It is said that he had a sword to make a sword in order to make a sword in the Makura ( the Makura ) , when his father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , became a member of the Tokugawa family when he was the successor of the Tokugawa family , and he had a sword in order to make a sword .
On the other hand , there is an anecdote that he had a wife and his wife , who was the same person as the assassination of the assassination of the assassination of the assassination of the Emperor .
Although it is said that the photographs of Yoshinobu was a child , but it is doubtful whether he was a child of Yoshinobu , but it is doubtful whether he was a child of Yoshinobu .
It is said that he visited Iemochi who had been ill in his illness , and at that time , he met with the general public .
He was known for his career , and his real father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , praised Yoshinobu as ' the head of the Tokugawa family , ' and his father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , praised him as ' the rebel of Tokugawa , ' and he was praised as the shogun to become shogun , and he was praised as the shogun to become shogun .
Yoshinobu , who was known for the overthrowing of the Shogunate , had been known for the overthrowing of the Shogunate , and Takayoshi KIDO of the Choshu Domain was not a talent of Yoshinobu HIBASHI .
He was also said to be the rebel of Ieyasu .
Sakamoto SAKAMOTO , who was the head of the Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , visited the country , and Ryoma SAKAMOTO visited this .
It is not possible to make it possible to pay it .
He gave him to his own life , saying , ' I will give him to the position of Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) of the new government , ' and he tried to give him the position of chief adviser to the new government .
However , it was from the Meiji period when Yoshinobu had known about the existence of Ryoma .
Although he was not only a talented story , he was very very low for the time after the Meiji Restoration .
He was defeated in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , and he was criticized by his enemy , and was criticized by his enemy .
At that time , the seal of the gold fan was forbidden , but there were some people who were disguised by his favorite mistress , who were not forbidden .
However , there is a theory that it was necessary to prevent the military force in Edo and Musashi Province , and because Yoshinobu was the enemy of the Imperial Court , he was not able to defend the castle , and he was also defended by the bakufu , and therefore , he was not able to prevent foreign countries to prevent foreign countries .
Since the new government was considered to be the enemy of the new government , it is evaluated that the Emperor and the Imperial Court were considered to be a person who had been confined in Kanei-ji Temple , and he was considered to be a person who was a person who had been confined in Kanei-ji Temple , and he was also said to have been a person who was a person of the Emperor and the Imperial Court , but he was also said to have been the lord of the family , so he was also said to have been the lord of the family .
It is highly evaluated that the independence of the government was to be transferred to the Meiji Restoration due to the fact that he was forced to move to the government due to his discretion and the castle of the Edo period , and he was given a great achievement in the Meiji Restoration .
Eichi SHIBUSAWA , a businessman , was a vassal who was a vassal of the Tokugawa family , and after the Meiji Restoration , he had a close relationship with the Meiji Restoration .
In his later years , Shibuzawa tried to make a report to Yoshinobu , who had been involved in the biography of Yoshinobu , and established a ' Yume Yai ' ( a dream of a dream ) .
It is written in " Yume Yai Shoki " ( The Record of Yume Yume ) .
In the form of a part of a part of a story , the word is written in the form of an old age , and it can be seen in the old age of Yoshinobu .
When he was born , he was very good at that time , and he was very good at that time , ' Hisamitsu SHIMAZU was very good , ' and ' Naomasa NABESHIMA was a person who was not good at him . '
This book was completed after the death of Yoshinobu , but it was written by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
In order to show respect to the Emperor Meiji , who was considered to be the enemy of the Imperial Court , Yoshinobu ordered the Emperor Meiji , who was the highest rank for the peerage , and he told him to be a Shinto ritual .
For this reason , the grave of Yoshinobu was not a member of the Tokugawa family of the Tokugawa family , and was also built at the site of the Tokugawa family of the Kanei-ji Temple , which was also a tomb of the Tokugawa family , and a large keyhole-shaped tomb mound was built in the vicinity of the family of the Tokugawa family .
This was because the Imperial mausoleum of Emperor Komei was a phonetic , and it was because the Imperial mausoleum of the Emperor Komei was a complaint . ( " Megawa Yoshinobu Ken " ) .
After pardoning , Yoshinobu had to give his life to the former retainers of the former Shogunate , Shizuka ITAKURA , who had been alive , saying , ' I will reregain his action to Yoshinobu , ' and after that , he wrote that ' Yoshinobu and his actions were together with Yoshinobu . '
There is an image of a weak image in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , but it is also said that it was a new political system after the Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , and in addition to the broadcasting of the new political system after the Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , it was also reevaluated , and the TV program of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( NHK Taiga Drama ) .
His father , Nariaki , was a good food , and was called a pork of the Satsuma Domain , and was called ' bubu ' ( a kind of pork ) .
In addition , in his later years , he was interested in Western culture , and he also worked in the sponsor of the photographs of a cannon and a camlet , and he also learned French , and he also learned French to French , and he was also said to have learned French , and he was not able to learn French .
It is famous as a mamman , but it seems that the technique of studio was not promoted .
It is said that he often made a draft in magazine magazine , but it is said that he was not adopted .
In addition , the photographs of the great-grandchild , Yoshiyuki TOKUGAWA , was a mechanman , and the photographs of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA was found by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , and the photographs was published by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
He was a friend of his real younger brother , Akitake TOKUGAWA .
On December 3 , 1859 , she married Kako ICHIJO ( later changed his name to Kako ) .
The eldest daughter ( the daughter of Emperor Gokominin ) was born on July 16 , 1858 , but he died young on July 20 .
After that , the child of Mimasaka was not born and the tenth daughter of the tenth son , who was born in the Meiji period , was a daughter of two concubines .
His children , who were the seventh son , who succeeded to the position of Kin , and the son of the seventh son , Yoshihisa , and the wife of Kaishu KATSU , who became the adopted son-in-law of Kaishu KATSU , became the wife of Prince Fushiminomiya Hiroyasu .
In addition , Yoshihisa 's son , Yoshihisa , was the wife of Imperial Prince Nobuhito , who was the wife of Emperor Keiko and Takamatsu no Miya Imperial Prince Nobuhito .
His lawful wife ( changed his name to Kako ) ( later changed his name to Kako ) ( the daughter of Kinhisa IMADEGAWA and the adopted daughter of Tadataka ICHIJO , the adopted daughter of Tadaka ICHIJO , the adopted daughter of Tadaka ICHIJO from July 19 , 1849 to July 9 , 1894 )
His concubine : Shinobu NISHIMURA ( a daughter of Masataka MATSUDAIRA , a daughter of Masataka MATSUDAIRA , died on February 8 , 1905 ) .
The first son : Keiji ( June 29 , 1871 - May 22 , 1872 )
Chojo : Kagako ( March 23 , 1887 - September 29 , 26 )
3 : Tekko ( December 30 , 1890 - December 10 , 1910 )
fifth son : Masahiro IKEDA ( adopted by Teruko IKEDA , August 25 , 1877 - January 1 , 1948 )
sixth son : Narinari ( August 17 , 1878 - November 28 , 1878 )
The sixth daughter : Yoshiko ( August 24 , 1880 - September 29 , 1880 )
The ninth daughter : Tsuneko ( married on January 9 , 1897 , the wife of Fushiminomiya Hiroyasu , and September 23 , 1882 - August 18 , 1939 )
seventh son : Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA ( September 2 , 1884 - January 22 , 1911 )
11 : Hideko ( April 29 , 1911 - July 5 , 1913 )
10 : Seisho ( January 20 , 1899 - July 10 , 1918 )
His concubine : Kinyuki NAKANE ( the eldest daughter of Yoshizaburo NAKANE , died on December 29 , 1915 )
Second son : Zenji ( September 8 , 1871 - March 10 , 1872 )
Third son : Takuma ( October 5 , 1872 - July 5 , 1873 )
fourth son : Mitsumasa TOKUGAWA ( February 21 , 1874 - June 12 , 1930 )
second daughter : Kinshi ( April 3 , 1875 - July 22 , 1875 )
fourth daughter : Shoshi ( December 26 , 1895 to November 30 , 1907 ) , the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA , the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA , the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA .
fifth daughter : Shoko ( August 17 , 1878 - October 8 , 1878 )
The seventh daughter : Roshi ( the wife of FUJIWARA no Naritoshi , the wife of FUJIWARA no Narinari , September 17 , 1880 - January 13 , 1959 )
The eighth daughter : Kuniko ( May 7 , 1901 - September 11 , 1942 )
10 : Ishi : Ishi ( on May 19 , 1906 , Shijo TAKASHIJO , the wife of Takachika SHIJO , and September 18 , 1883 to October 11 , 28 )
Silver : a boy ( died on August 22 , 1884 )
eighth son : Nei ( September 22 , 1885 - July 2 , 1886 )
The ninth son : Tokugawa ( October 31 , 1887 - November 11 , 43 )
Silver : a woman ( died on June 2 , 1891 )
His concubine : Yoshio ( a daughter of Tatsugoro NIKATA )
Passenger
" The last shogun - Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA " ( Ryotaro SHIBA )
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA "
Film
" Mibu Yoshishi den " ( 2003 ) : Established by Hiroaki ITO .
Passenger
" Ryoma Yu Yu Yu " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1968 , NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1968 )
" Okoku " ( Television Television ) 1968 , " Ooku ( Television Television ) " ( 1968 , Folk Television ) ( 1968 )
" Katsukaishu ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 1974 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Hanagami ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 1977 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Ryoma Yu Yu Yu Yu Yu " ( Practice in 1982 ) , published by TV Tokyo Shintoichi Geki ( a drama performed by the TV Tokyo Shintoichi Geki ) .
" Okoku " ( Television Television ) , 1983 , and " Television " ( 1983 )
" Shirate-tai ( Japanese TV drama ) " ( 1986 ) ( NHK Television Television Television Strait ) ( 1986 )
" Hana no Ii Tairo " ( The Illustrated Eighth of the Water Era ) ( 1988 ) , " Sakurada-mon Gate " ( 1988 ) , and " Nichinoio Iko " ( a TV drama , a TV drama )
" Goryokaku ( TV drama ) " ( 1988 , the TV program of the TV program ) : Nobuyuki ISHIDA
" Shojo Yunyo " ( 1990 , NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1990 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Katsukaishu ( TV drama ) " ( 1990 , the TV program of the TV program ) : Masahiko KAGAWA
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA " ( 1998 , NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1998 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Okoku " ( Television Television ) 2003 , " Ou ( Television Television ) " ( 2003 ) , and " Yamazaki Ginnojo "
" Also , the name of the family name was written by the name of the name of Shoden-den ( the main hall of the main hall ) : " The name of a magistrate of the Edo period " ( 2003 , NHK New Year 's drama ) ( 2003 ) : " Tetsuji OGURI " ( 2003 )
" Shinsengumi ! ! " ( 2004 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Atsuhime ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 2008 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Yume Yai Shoki " ( The Record of Yume Yume )
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu 's official " ( Eichi SHIBUSAWA )
" Meiji - Tokugawa Yoshinobu " ( Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ) , the Asahi Shinbun Company ( the Asahi Shimbun ) , ISBN 40225555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555
Notes
The Nara Line ( Kyoto Prefecture ) is a railway line of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , which runs from Kizu Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) in Kizugawa City , Kyoto Prefecture ( Kyoto Prefecture ) to Kyoto Station , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The entire line is included in the urban area of the city .
As a branch line of the Kansai Main Line , the station is the first time , but the trains bound for Kizu Station are limited to the Kizu Station , but the trains bound for Kizu Station are limited ( number of trains ) .
The following are the following lines , except for the section between Kyoto and Kizu .
The color color is a color of green tea , and is said to be the image of the image of the old ancient capital .
jurisdiction ( subsidiary ) : West Japan Railway Company ( railway business )
The distance distance ( kilometers ) : 434 km
Track : 1067mm
Number of stations : 19 ( including the end of the station )
section section : The section between Nitta and Uji , and JR Fujita Station and Kyoto
Electrified section : The entire line ( 1500V )
Block ( railway ) : Automatic block system ( a track section ) , a single track ( a single track ) , and a single track .
Passenger equipment : automatic train train .
The operation of the operation : Shin-Osaka General Committee
The highest speed speed : 110km / h ( track section ) : 95 km / h ( a single track )
The Kyoto Branch of the West Japan Railway Company ( Kizu Station ) is under the control of the West Japan Railway Company ( Kizu Station ) , which is under the control of the West Japan Railway Company .
The line between Kyoto and Kizu is called the Nara Line , but the entire section is located in Kyoto Prefecture , and there is no route in Nara Prefecture .
This is because the Nara Railway was constructed by Nara Railway , and after the Kansai Railway Company was merged into the Kansai Railway , it was separated from Osaka to Nagoya , which was merged with the Osaka Line .
However , the trains run from Kizu Station to the Kansai Main Line ( Yamatoji Line ) and Nara Station , Nara Prefecture .
The JR West set up a nickname for the route of the Network Network on March 13 , 1988 , but the Nara Line was sent to the Nara Line , but the Nara Line was found .
Because the Kintetsu Nara Line is operated by Kintetsu Nara Line , it is sometimes called ' JR Nara Line . '
In the Japan National Railways , it was designated as ' JNR Nara Line , ' and the English name of the board was used .
The Kintetsu Nara Line is a relationship with the Yamatoji Line and the Yamatoji Line , and the JR Nara Line is the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
The Keihan Uji Line and the Kintetsu Kyoto Line were operated by many trains , but the Nara Line was not electrified by the JNR / JR Limited Express Series 105 , but the Nara Line was not only a small line of the JNR / JR Limited Express Series 105 , but the line of JNR / JR Limited Express Series 105 was only a small line .
However , since JR West was inaugurated , the trains of the trains were incorporated into two cars , and the trains of the trains began to be operated by the trains of the trains , and the trains of the trains were made in the section of the train trains , and the rapid trains such as ' Miyakoji Rapid Service ' and ' Miyakoji Rapid Service ' were also improved .
At present , there is a strong nature of the area of Uji City , which is located along the line of Uji City , and the area in the southern part of Kyoto Prefecture and the area from the southern part of Kyoto Prefecture .
However , in the section between Momoyama and Nitta , it is a wide range of the area between the Momoyama and the west , and the section of the Kyoto Line , which is located in the center of the castle , has a difference between the Kyoto Line and the Kyoto Line .
The trains of the Nara Train Line used to be used for the Nara Train Train Train Co . , Ltd . , are operated by the Kyoto branch of the Kyoto branch of the station .
The Suica and the East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) , ICOCA , and the East Japan Railway Company ( JR Central ) can be used at all stations , and the PiTaPa card can be used by the TTOICA of the East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) .
In the south of the Joyo Station , it is easy to be used in the station , and it is easy to be used .
In 1984 , the express train ' Kuroshiro ' ( train ) , which was operated between Kyoto and Wakayama Station , was abolished , and since 1991 , only local trains were operated only for local trains , but the limited express trains were operated by local trains , and the limited express trains were operated by local trains , such as rapid trains , rapid trains , rapid trains , and local trains , and the local trains were operated by local trains .
It is operated between the Nara Line and the daytime .
Basically , the trains are operated at the station of thirty minutes , and the local trains are operated at Uji Station .
The nickname ' Miyako Rapid Service ' was decided by public public .
As a result of the tourist sightseeing spot , many tourists use the Japanese people , but also the Japanese people are not only the Japanese people .
The cars are operated by JR West 221 series cars , and four cars are operated with four cars .
In the section of the section , the speed speed is operated at 110km / h , and other than 95 km / h , it is a speed of 95 km / h .
The standard required time is about 44 minutes , and the Kyoto Kyoto Station is about 47 minutes , and the Kyoto Kyoto Kyoto Station is about 47 minutes .
For the way to Kyoto , there is a difference between the trains bound for Kyoto Station and the Tanakura Station , and in order to pass the Nara Nariyuki 's Miyako Rapid Service , the train is a little difference between the trains and the outbound trains .
On the day of the New Year 's Day , the construction of Inari Station is a temporary stop on the Fushimi Inari Inari .
History
March 3 , 2001 : The operation was started .
March 15 , 2003 : The station began to stop at Tofukuji Station and Tamizu Station to stop at Tofuku-ji Station .
It is operated during the morning rush hours .
It is also operated by JR Ogura Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) , which is operated by the JR Ogura Line , which is operated by the JR Ogura Line .
The cars are operated on 221 cars , and four cars are operated with four cars and six cars .
Basically , the trains are operated at the station of thirty minutes , and the local trains are operated at Uji Station .
As for the above-mentioned rapid trains , the Yamatoji Rapid Service is located on the same time as the Yamatoji Rapid Service .
In March 2001 , the station of the station was used for the station , and the train was used in the Kyoto and Uji , and the train cars were used in the Kyoto and Uji , and the train was used in the Nara Line , but since then , the Nara Line was used in the Nara Line .
There are some trains that run directly from the Yamatoji Line to the Yamatoji Line .
It is operated around the morning and night .
At first , only on the weekdays , only on the weekdays , the timetable was also operated on the Saturday and holidays in March 18 , 2006 .
The section between Uji Station and Nara Station stop at each station , but the rapid train bound for Uji Station is operated by the local trains bound for the Kizu Station , but now the trains bound for the section between Uji Station and the trains bound for Kizu Station have been changed to the timetable .
There are only 221 series cars that use the first one in Kyoto Station on the Saturday and holidays , and all of them are operated by 221 trains .
During the morning rush hour , trains run directly from the Yamatoji Line to the Yamatoji Line .
The rapid train of the Nara Line was used as a rapid train to the Yamatoji Rapid Service , and it was used as the same color as the color of the same color as the color of the same color as the color of the same color as the color of the train , but in March 2008 , the timetable was used as the same color as the same color as the color of the train , but in March 2008 , the timetable was not used for the timetable revision .
It is described in the section of the section from Kamikoma Station and the section on the north side of the station .
It is operated between Kyoto and Uji and the Joyo section .
During the daytime , the section between Kyoto Station and Joyo Station was operated at 15 minutes , but the Joyo - Kizu section became a thirty minutes .
The train is operated in 103 cars , but some trains are operated by 221 cars .
There are some trains running on the Yamatoji Line to the early morning and night in the morning and night .
In the past , the trains of the Sakurai Line were divided into the Sakurai Line and the Sakurai Line was divided into the Nara Line and the Sakurai Line .
Although the trains are operated on the Nara Line , the limited express trains are operated .
From 1987 to 1988 , it was operated by the Kansai Main Line and the Kansai Main Line , which was operated by JNR / JR Limited Express Series 381 , and the Kansai Main Line , the Kansai Main Line , and Hanwa Line , which was operated by the Kansai Main Line and the Hanwa Line .
In January 6 , 1998 , the announcement of the limited express train was operated by the Nara Line ( as a regular train ) in the Nara Line , but the plan was suspended , but the plan was suspended , but the plan was stopped .
Although it was operated between Kyoto and Sakurai ( between Kyoto Station and Nara Station ) , the trains operated by the Sakurai Line were not operated by the Sakurai Line .
In the middle of August , the Uji-gawa River , which is the nearest to Uji Station , is held , but the timetable is not limited to the last time , and it is operated only about 10 minutes to the end of the train , and the train is operated only about 10 minutes , and the trains are operated between Kyoto and Uji , and the trains are operated between Kyoto and Uji .
Some local trains arrive at Kizu Station .
On the first day of the New Year 's New Year 's Day , the special timetable was made in the same schedule , and the rapid train began to stop at each station of Kyoto and Uji , and the number of trains was operated by the Uji to Uji .
In the year , the station was operated by the Momoyama Station .
In 1992 , trains running on the Sakurai Line were extended to the Sakurai Line , and one hour was operated to the Tenri Station to the Tenri Station .
In addition , the trains are operated by the Japan nationwide .
In particular , when the Tenri Taisai Festival ( the Great Festival of Tenri ) on October 26 , the train service was operated between Kyoto Station and Kizu Station from Kyoto Station to the Nara Line and the Sakurai Line from Kyoto Station to the Nara Line and the Sakurai Line to the Nara Line .
It is a member of the Nara Train .
JR West 221 series
There are two types of trains , such as the Yamatoji Line and the Osaka Loop Line , and two cars , four cars , and six cars .
It is mainly used mainly for four cars and six cars , but the Nara Line is mainly used in the Nara Line , but the Nara Line is mainly used in the Nara Line .
The train has two cars and two cars , and it is scheduled that the train is scheduled .
JNR / JR Limited Express Series 103
The trains of the Nara Line are used for local trains in the Nara Line , but in the Nara Line , the trains are operated by the Nara Line , but also in the Osaka Loop Line and the Yamatoji Line in the Osaka Loop Line , the trains are operated on the Osaka Loop Line and the Yamatoji Line .
Some cars were replaced by the Osaka Loop Line , which was replaced by the Osaka Loop Line .
The section between Kyoto and Kizu Station between Kyoto and Kizu was opened , but the route between Kyoto Station and Momoyama-yama Station was the present Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
On the day of the day of 1921 , when the Tokaido Main Line ( present Zeze ) - Kyoto section was changed to the current line of the Higashiyama Tunnel , the line between Kyoto and Inari Station was discontinued , and the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was abolished and the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was abolished , and between Kyoto and Fushimi , the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was discontinued .
Later , the former site of the former line between Kyoto and Fushimi was sold to the Kintetsu Kyoto Line , which was the predecessor of the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
August 18 , 1879 : The section between Kyoto and Inari Station ( later Tokaido Main Line ) was opened as the section between Kyoto Station and Otani Station ( Shiga Prefecture ) .
Inari Station opened .
September 5 , 1895 : The Nara Electric Railway was opened by Nara Railway ( 3 miles ) , and the section between Kyoto Station and Fushimi Station was opened .
Fushimi Station opened .
Kyoto Station is operated by the government .
November 3 : The section between Fushimi and Momozama ( 19C  2.19 km ) was extended .
Momoyama Station opened .
January 25 , 1896 : The section between Momoyama Station and Tamamizu Station ( 1246  2.24 km ) was extended .
Kibata Station , Uji Station , Tono Station , and Tamizu Station opened .
March 13 : The Tamizu Station - Kizu section ( 45C  7.44 km ) was extended .
Tanakura Station and Kizu Station opened .
April 18 : The section between Kizu and Nara was extended to the section between Kyoto and Nara .
April 21 : To-ji Station opened .
April 1 , 1897 : The station was renamed as Nanajo Station .
May 3 , 1902 : Kamikoma Station opened .
November 12 : The unit of distance distance was simplified with a millet and chain ( 226.6M ) .
February 7 , 1905 : Nara Railway was transferred to Kansai Railway .
October 1 , 1907 : Kansai Railway Company was nationalized .
August 1 , 1908 : Shichijo Station was integrated into Kyoto Station .
October 12 , 1909 : The line was established , and the Nara Line was the Nara Line and the Nara Line .
December 19 , 1910 : The Uji-gawa signal station was established between Uji and Kibata .
June 20 , 1913 : Hachijo signal station was established between Fushimi and Kyoto .
November 5 : The Uji-gawa River was abolished .
August 15 , 1914 : Hachijo signal station was abolished .
March 20 , 1921 : The Uji River was established between Uji and Kibata .
August 1 : The Nara Line was abolished ( 3.3 M  5.31 km ) .
The operation of the passenger service between Fushimi and Momozama ( 1.1 M  1.77 km ) was abolished .
The Kyoto Station and Inari section ( 1.8 M  2.90 km ) was incorporated into the Nara Line .
Inari - Momoyama period ( 2.6 M  4.18 km ) was opened .
April 1 , 1922 : The Uji-gawa River was changed to Uji-gawa River signal station .
February 13 , 1926 : The Umebayashi Express Stop was opened .
April 1 : The Uji-gawa River was abolished .
September 3 , 1928 : The line between Momoyama Station and Fushimi Station was discontinued .
Fushimi Station was abolished .
April 1 , 1930 : The unit of distance distance was changed from the Maria to the meters ( 27.7 km ) .
December 1 , 1933 : The station was upgraded to Aoya-bayashi Station , and the station was upgraded to Oyatani Station .
July 15 , 1955 : The Yamaga Station commenced operation .
December 27 , 1957 : Tofuku-ji Station opened .
July 11 , 1958 : Joyo Station opened .
April 21 , 1961 : Obaku Station opened .
March 2 , 1982 : The operation of the train service was started .
October 1 , 1984 : The section between Kyoto Station and Kizu ( Nara ) was electrified .
The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 105 was operated by the JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 13 .
The express train was abolished ( via Kyoto - Wakayama , Nara , Sakurai Line , Sakurai Line , Sakurai Line , and Wakayama Line ) .
April 1 , 1987 : The West Japan Railway Company was succeeded by the division and privatization of JNR .
The Japan Freight Railway Company became a railway business .
March 16 , 1991 : Rapid trains operated by the 117 series started .
October 22 , 1992 : Rokujizo Station opened .
The Joyo Station became a rapid train station .
September 4 , 1994 : The 105 series cars were withdrew .
( It is operated by the Sakurai Line and the Wakayama Line . )
March 8 , 1997 : JR Fujimori Station opened .
May 10 , 1999 : Rokujizo Station became a stop station .
March 3 , 2001 : The section between Kyoto Station and JR Fujima Station became a double-track section .
JR Ogura Station opened .
The operation of ' Miyako Rapid Service ' was started by the rapid train and 221 series cars .
October 1 : The Tofuku-ji Temple Station became a rapid train and rapid trains .
March 15 , 2003 : The Tofuku-ji Temple and Tamizu Station were operated by Miyako Rapid Service Station and Tamizu Station .
April 1 : The second railway line of Japan Freight Railway was abolished .
April 23 , 2008 : The train was introduced in the Yamashiro Aoyani Station and Kizu section .
April 27 : The ATS system was introduced in ATS and Yamashiro-youth Station .
April 30 : The ATS system was introduced between Kyoto and Obaku .
The JR Fujimori Station and Uji Station section of the line of the line of the line is still still located in the section between the station and the section between Shin-den Station and Kizu Station , but it is not certain .
In addition , the Keihan Uji Line , which is operated by the JR Fujimori Station - Momoyama Station , is difficult to secure the area along the Keihan Uji Line ( near Obaku Station ) , and the Keihan Uji Line ( near Obaku Station ) .
Because of the shortage of budget , it is the lowest of the Sagano Line ( the Sanin Main Line - Sonobe Station ) , which is the highest level of the line , and the line of the Sagano Line is operated .
In the Kinki Region , a plan to run directly from the Tokaido Main Line ( JR Kyoto Line ) and the direct operation of the Tokaido Main Line ( the JR Kyoto Line ) was investigated , and it was already completed at the end of the New Year 's Eve .
Uji City has a plan to build a new station between Obaku Station and Uji Station .
The station is located in the middle of the middle of the station , and there is no direct station except for Rokujizo Station ( JR West ) and Uji Station ( JR West ) .
The station of the bravery is operated by Kyoto Station , which is operated by Kyoto Station .
Kyoto Station ( 0.00 km ) - Hachijo temporary station ( 0.80 km ) - - The station of the Momoyama Station ( 5.3km ) - Fushimi Station ( 5.3km ) - - Momoyama Station ( 7.3km )
The station of the bravery is operated by Kyoto Station , which is operated by Kyoto Station .
Uji-gawa River Signal Station - Obaku - Uji section ( approximately 13 km )
Keiji Bypass is a street stopping in Kusatsu City , Shiga Prefecture , and the National Highway Road is located in Kumiyama-cho , Kusatsu County , Shiga Prefecture .
It is designated as a plan for the local governments .
The following is described as follows : The Keiji Bypass of the Keiji Bypass , the Keiji Bypass of National Highway Route No. 24 , is described as follows :
It has been integrated into the Meishin Expressway and the city of the city of Otsu City and the city of the city of the city of Otsu City and the Osaka City area and the Osaka City area , and the Osaka City and the Osaka City area .
In the law , the section between Seta Higashi Interchange and Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange is National Highway Route No. 478 , and Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange , Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange , Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange , and Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki Junction ( National Highway Route ) , the National Land Transportation Bureau ( National Highway Expressway ) , the National Land Transportation Bureau ( National Highway Expressway ) , the National Highway Route No. 478 .
In the plan of the plan , the route between Kyoto and Kyoto City , which was the National Highway Route No. 9 and Kyoto City , was built , and the route between Kyoto and Kyoto City , which was the National Highway Route No. 9 , and Kyoto City Road , was built , and the Kyoto National Route No. 9 .
The Kyoto Loop Expressway and Kyoto Second Loop Road , and the second section of the Kyoto University is designated as National Route 478 .
The station is used for the use of the train , and the Keiji Bypass is considered to be the Keiji Bypass , the Keiji Bypass , and the Oyamazaki Junction .
Also , there are no difference between the two types of tournaments and the Keiji Bypass and the Keiji Bypass system .
In this case , there is no special description of the business business , and the name of the Keiji Bypass ( from the Seta Interchange of the Seta Interchange ) is described as the name of the route .
The origin of the origin of the station , Oe-cho , Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
The last day of Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
The total length of the total length is 18.9 kilometers
Trains of four cars
The highest speed : 80 kilometers
Establishment of the completion of the completion of the completion of the completion of the completion of the reconstruction of the temple
Shiga Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Uji City - Kumiyama Town , Kuze County - Yawata City - Otokuni-gun - Otokuni-gun
National Route 1 : Bound for Keiji Bypass - Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange - Kumiyama Interchange
National Route 478 : Kumiyama Junction - Oyamazaki Junction - Oyamazaki Junction
Chuo Expressway : The name of the National Highway Expressway , the name of the section of the section of the section of the section of the section of the section of the section of Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange - Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange
The number of the IC number of the number of the route is the section of the road .
Also , the facilities of the facilities are not used for facilities .
The name of the line is not a special example of the city , municipality .
West Japan Expressway Company , Kansai Expressway , Ibaraki Station , Ibaraki Station
( The section between Ibaraki Station and the Kyoto Higashi Interchange of the Meishin Expressway and the second Keihan Keihan Road , Kyoto Prefecture , Kyoto Prefecture , Kyoto Prefecture , is located in the Kyoto Prefectural Route .
August 29 , 1988 : The Seta Interchange and JCT - Ogura-dori Interchange opened .
March 30 , 2003 : Ogura-do Interchange - Kumiyama JCT .
In this way , it is unified as a special highway for other Japanese roads ( current Cinema ) .
August 10 , 2003 : The entire line was opened by the section between Kumiyama JCT and Oyamazaki JCT .
December 24 , 2003 : Oyamazaki Interchange opened .
Fiscal year 2005 : The weekdays of the weekdays of the weekday and the weekdays of 24 hours ( the road )
Oyamazaki Interchange / JCT - Kumiyama-Yodo Station - 136
The Uji Tunnel is the most longest among the National Highway Route No. 1 , and the tunnel is prohibited from the section between the Uji Interchange and Kasatori Interchange , and the train is prohibited from the bus stop of the Uji Interchange and Kasatori Interchange .
In the area of Kumiyama-Jukan , the film " Dai Daisai-sama " ( The Picture of Dance ) was performed by the film " Dai Daisan-sama " ( The Pillow of the Dance of Dance ) , which was opened .
In the Seta Higashi Interchange , the distance of the Yamazaki Interchange and JCT CT is short , and the trains bound for Keiji Bypass via Keiji Bypass is short , and the trains bound for Keiji Bypass via Keiji Bypass .
Because there are no facilities for passengers , there are many facilities such as the Meishin Expressway ( the Seta Higashi - Oyamazaki Station ) , which is often confused with the Meishin Expressway , and there are two offices of the Meishin Expressway ( the area of the Sando-kaido Road and the Katsura-gawa River ) .
However , the Sanden Higashi and Oyamazaki-ryo JCT ( especially the Tennyaku JCT ) was established in the form of a deity ( especially the Yamazaki Junction structure ) , and the number of passengers was reduced in the section of high-speed highways .
There is a point that the route is that the route to the route between the Suita and Osaka area to Suita Station and Osaka Station is a conclusion , and it is a conclusion that the route of the highway to the highway is interrupted .
On the way , there are no number of people who do not function as a bypass of the highway Expressway , because there are few people who do not have a trend .
This road is a road for automatically automatories , and is not an automated road for the National Route 1 .
In the case of the Keiji Bypass in the Uji-gawa River , the Keiji Bypass in the Uji-gawa River and Osaka Station is not available .
The Uji Higashi Interchange is a IC Interchange .
For this reason , the section between the Uji Interchange and Uji Interchange is often traffic , and the general road of the north-west section of the Uji Interchange is often traffic .
This section is not a section of the LTS LASS , because it is difficult to avoid diseases .
Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture - Kumiyama-cho , Kuze County ( the end )
Refer to the section of the Kyoto Second Loop Road to the west of Kumiyama Town .
The upper side is the end of the end , and the end of the end is the end .
On the left side , the right side is placed on the right side .
Fiscal year 2005 : The weekdays of the weekdays of the weekday and the weekdays of 24 hours ( the road )
Yosagura , Tsu City , 13,137
Akiyama-cho , Kuze County , 35,493
The National Highway Office , National Highway , National Highway Office ( Shiga Prefecture )
The Kyoto National Highway Office , Kyoto National Highway , Kyoto National Highway , Kyoto Prefectural Road , Kyoto Prefecture , Kyoto Prefecture
The Kyoto National Highway Office , Kyoto National Highway , Kyoto National Highway , Kyoto National Highway Co . , Ltd
Higashi Hongan-ji Temple is a Buddhist temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) located in Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture .
It is the head temple of the Otani school of the Shinshu sect , which is the head temple of the Otani school of the Shinshu sect , and is the head temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , which is the head temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , and is the head temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
The formal name of the temple is ' Hongan-ji Temple ' in 1987 , and after the same year , it was called ' Shinshu Honbyo . '
In order to distinguish the Nishi Hongan-ji Temple in Shimogyo Ward , it is often called ' Higashi san . '
( For details about the history of Hongan-ji Temple , refer to the history of Hongan-ji Temple . )
The twelfth generation of Hongan-ji Temple ( Koju ) was given the territory of Hongan-ji Temple by Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , and in 1602 when Hongan-ji Temple was divided into two groups , Noriyuki opened the temple .
It was located in Shichijo Shichijo , Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , and it was called the Higashi Hongan-ji Temple to the east of the Nishi Hongan-ji Temple .
In 1987 , Hongan-ji Temple was dissolved as a religious corporation of the Otani school , and the religious corporation was established as a religious corporation .
After that , the official name of Higashi Hongan-ji Temple was the official name of the ' Shinshu Honbyo ' ( the teachings of the founder Shinran , the founder of the sect , and the teachings of Shinran , the founder of the sect , and the teachings of Shinran , and the name of ' Hagatage ' ( the Buddha of Shinran ) . )
It is also called the Hongan-ji school of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , which is a branch of the Jodo Shinshu sect , which is the correct .
Oto ( east )
In the Edo period , the number of buildings were destroyed by fire in the Edo period , so many of the buildings were built by fire , so many of the existing buildings were rebuilt after the Meiji period , but the construction of buildings and wall paintings were rebuilt in the Meiji period .
The Goei-do hall dedicated to Shinran Shonin is a biggest wooden structure of the world ( the construction work of the roof of the roof ) .
Also , the Miyodo gate is one of the three major gates .
It is owned by Shinran Shinsho ( National Treasure ) ( National Treasure ) , which is owned by Shinsenji BANDO ( a national treasure ) .
The main building of the land area of the land is a place of the country .
The current head priest is Koaki OTANI ( Joyo ) .
National Treasure
Important Cultural Property
Take the Kyoto Municipal Subway , Kyoto City Subway , Kyoto City Subway .
University
Otani University
Kyoto Koka-Women University
Osaka University
Dotei University
The Nagoya style art University
Nagoya University
Aichi University
Aichi Shinjo University
The former Third High School of the Former School is a former higher school , which is the predecessor of Kyoto University .
Its abbreviation is ' Sanka . '
The first head of the school was Hikichi MARITA .
In 1869 , he was established in Osaka .
The name was changed .
1870 : The Chemical Office = > Kaisei = > Kaisei = >
1872 : The fourth school of the University of Education , the First Chapter of the University of Education
1873 : The first school of the third university school - > Kaimei Gakko - > opened .
In 1874 , Osaka Gakko Gakko ( Osaka School of Foreign Studies ) - > Osaka English School
In 1879 , he was appointed as Osaka Gakko .
1880 : Osaka Junior High School .
In 1885 , the University of Education was established in 1886 , and the Third High School was established .
In 1887 , he was appointed as the Third High School of Medicine ( Eisaku City , Okayama Prefecture ) and was the third High School of Medicine .
The main course was established in the main course ( education for education ) .
In 1889 , the third Higher Junior High School was relocated to Kyoto City ( present Sakyo Ward ) from Kyoto City ( present Sakyo Ward ) to Kamigyo Ward , Kyoto City .
In addition to the existing Faculty of Medicine , the Faculty of Law was established .
In 1893 , he was promoted to the Third High School of the Third High School .
The course of the course of course ( education for education ) was abolished and abolished .
It was established in the Faculty of Engineering .
The establishment of the Kyoto Imperial University ( 1897 ) was established in the University of Education ( the restoration of education for the university ) .
He was abolished in the Faculty of Law ( officially issued in 1901 ) .
The Faculty of Medicine ( 1901 ) was established in Okayama University .
In 1949 , the former Kyoto University ( Kyoto Imperial University ) and the Kyoto University of Kyoto University were integrated into Kyoto University , and the general public was integrated into the Kyoto University .
In 1950 , the last graduation graduates from the Third High School was officially abolished .
In 1954 , the school was renamed as Kyobu .
In 1991 , the school was established in the Faculty of Environment and the Graduate School of Environmental Studies .
1992 : The Faculty of Letters was reorganized into the Faculty of Letters .
The Normal School was abolished .
In 2003 , the Department of Lushun and Environmental Studies was integrated into the Faculty of Letters and Environment .
Refer to the school system .
Amaterasu Omikami is a god ( Shinto god ) in Japanese mythology .
In the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , ' Tensho ' is called ' Ama , ' and is called ' Ama . '
It is believed that the sun goddess was a god of the sun and was one of the ancestors of the Imperial Family .
In " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , it is written as Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) and " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
He was also known as Ohiurume no kami .
According to " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , there are several names of gods in " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) .
There is a theory that he was a female god , but it is also said that he was a god .
It is also said that the name of Amaterasu Omikami was used in politics such as " Kotaijingu Gishicho " ( a register of shrines in the Imperial Court ) , and it was originally written by the Emperor Suimu and Toshi NISHIJO as the founder of the Imperial Family , and there is another theory that the Emperor was originally the ancestor of Takamimusubi , which was the ancestor of Amaterasu Omikami .
In the Ise-jingu Shrine , it is also called Amatesususume no Okami , or the god of the shrine , and when the shrine is held , it is also called AmatamisuSumemusumatsusumatsuhiko .
Today , it is currently used as a historical document .
There is also a theory that it was written as " Tensho no kami " in ancient times .
Description in mythology
According to " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , Izanagi returned from Yomi , Izanagi , who was born in Yomi , and he was born in the left hand when he washed his left hand .
He was called Susanoo , who was born from the right to the right , and was called Sankiko .
At that time , Izanagi ordered Amaterasu Omikami to rule Takamanohara .
Susanoo , who was entrusted to the sea , was banished by Izanagi , who had been exiled to Izanagi .
Susanoo went to the country , but he was in Takamanohara , where his older sister , Amaterasu Omikami , went to Takamanohara , but he was a younger brother of Amaterasu Omikami , and he was treated as a warrior .
In order to prove the purple of Susanoo , the god of the five pillars of the three pillars of the Emperor and Susanoo were born from the fact that Amaterasu Omikami was born and the three gods were born from the fact that Susanoo was born .
It was born from the fact that Amaterasu Omikami was born from the fact that Amaterasu Omikami was the son of Amaterasu Omikami .
Amenooshihomimi
Amenohohi
Amatsuhikone
Kuhitsu-hikone
Kumanosubi
Susanoo , who was very good , and was in the Takamanohara War , fell into the Ama no Takanohara ( Ame no Takanohara ) , and the god of Amaterasu hid herself in Iwatakiwato .
In the past , various disasters occurred in the world .
( Chichibu no kami , Chichibu no kami , the god of Chichibu , and the gods of the heaven and the gods of the heaven ) , succeeded in making the Ame no kami ( the god of heaven ) , and Susanoo succeeded to the Iwatakenohara and was expelled from Takamanohara .
He sent Amenooshihomimi , who was a son of Ashihara no Nakatsukuni , to send Amenooshihohime .
When Ashihara no Nakatsukuni was conquered , Ninigi was born in the place of Amenooshihomimi , but the grandson of Ninigi was born .
Translation
In the mythology , there is a view that Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was born in the mythology , asked him to be a god of the gods , and in the story , Amaterasu Omikami is considered to be a divine spirit of the emperor .
Also , there is also a view that the shrine maiden is a shrine maiden .
The name ' Hikaru ' is a shrine maiden who served the sun god .
There is a theory that the sun god was originally a male god , but there is a theory that a shrine maiden became a god of the sun .
Also , there is a theory that this god was the Emperor Jito , who was a female god , and it is also said that Himiko was the model of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
It is pointed out that the birth of the god of the god of the sun and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon in the moon of the moon , ' the first day of the moon , ' ' the first day of the moon , ' and ' the eyes of the right of the left , ' and ' the eyes of the right of the right , ' and ' the eyes of the right of the left , ' and ' the eyes of the right of the right , ' and the influence of Taoism .
In addition , the term " Usuki " ( literally , " the god of the Ise-jingu Shrine " ) , the Ise-jingu Shrine , and Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( the Imperial Household Agency ) , Usuki ( the god of the Ise-jingu Shrine ) , Shikiheie ( a kind of silk fabric ) , and Shikiheie ( a kind of silk cloth ) , the term " shikihaku " ( a kind of Japanese poem ) , and " Shikiheizuki " ( the god of the Ise-jingu Shrine ) , and " Shikihaku " ( the god of the Ise-jingu Shrine ) .
According to the mythology , the mythology of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is the mythology of the myth of the ancient times ( 3 to 4 years ) , and it is said that the mythology of the mythology of the ancient times .
There is a theory that it is a mysterious mythology that spread in Japan as a result of the history of the history of the history of Japan , because it is a mysterious mysterious mysterious mysterious mythology .
According to " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , there is a theory that the shrine was changed into three times .
The following is the case of the incident .
645 : The Taika Reforms .
The Emperor is not enshrined in the Imperial Family before this time .
The ' sun ' ( literally , ' the sun ' ) , ' Taiyo ' ( the sun ) , is a ' sun ' ( literally , ' sun ' ) .
The god of the male god called ' Maro ' was enshrined .
In " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , there is a Shinto shrine that has the name of ' Marutamaru ' ( Marutamaru ) in Tsushima , and ' Ama no Ama no Mikoto ' in Tanba , ' Amamatama no Mikoto ' ( Amamatomitamada ) , ' Amamatama no Mikoto ' ( Amamatamitamitamada ) , etc .
Incidentally , the god of the male god , Amenohibari , is also known as Amenohibari no Mikoto , the grandson of Amaterasu , and the ancestor of Amenohibari , the ancestor of the Owari clan and the Nabe clan .
The younger brother of Amenohibari , who was the great-grandfather of Emperor Jinmu , was a great-grandfather of Emperor Jinmu .
672 : The Jinshin War was the Jinshin War .
" Oohimome " ( literally , " a woman who is the sun goddess " ) , ' the daughter of the sun goddess ' and ' Tanaka no kami ' ( a daughter of a woman )
In this case , it is interpreted as the god of the god of the god , and is interpreted as ' Marutamaru ' of the god of the body .
698 : The shrine was founded .
It is the origin of ' Amaterasu , ' ' the ancestor of the Emperor and the emperor . '
She is a female god .
It was created by the Emperor Jito as a model for the god of nature .
Even after that , ' Tensho ' was called ' Amaterasu ' or ' Amaterasu . '
For example , ' Tensho no kami ' is written as ' Tensho ' in " Sarashina Nikki " ( 1060 ) , and the part of ' Amaterasu Omikami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) is called ' Amaterasu ' in ' Mamilaru ' in " The former Kujihongi " ( Ancient Japanese History ) .
In 1880 - 1881 , a debate on the Shinto religion occurred in the Shinto world , which was a Shinto Shinto shrine located in Hiiya , Tokyo .
The Shinto office of the Shinto office was enshrined as the enshrined deity of the Shinto shrine , and the four pillars of the gods were enshrined as the enshrined deity of the Shinto shrine , and the ' Izumo school ' was made to be the four pillars of the Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , the ' Izumo school ' ( the god of the world ) , and ' the ' the Izumo school ' ( the world of the world ) , which is the same as ' the world of the world , ' and ' the five pillars of Okuninushi no Okami , ' the god of the country , and the enshrined deity of the god of the country .
However , the ' Ise school ' which was mainly responsible for Shinto Affairs , was the ' Tenchi Daishu ' ( Great Buddha ) , which was the ' Tenchi Daishu ' ( Great Buddha ) , which was a vassal of Kenyu and the other gods , and the other gods insisted that the two gods were too much .
In the fruit , there were various theories about the fact that ' the Izumo school had a good fortune , ' and ' the Imperial Family should be killed by the Imperial Family , ' and so on , such as ' the Imperial Family should be killed by the Imperial Family . '
Before long , the dispute was taken by the Emperor Meiji 's decision , and the gods of Amaterasu Omikami became the highest rank .
It is said that the government recognized that the government could not control the common people directly by the government , and it is said that the modern nation could not control the common people directly by the modern nation .
Refer to the section on the Shinto religion of Shinto Shinto .
When Ryunosuke AKUTAGAWA appeared in his novel , he was also called ' Ohitsumochi . '
This is because the name of the god of the sun goddess , and it is because the god of the sun goddess , or the god of the world , is not used to be the god of the world , so it is because the sun goddess and the god of the sun is not used .
In fact , there are many cases where the army of the army could not have a large number of troops to the army of the army , and there was a large number of people .
The establishment of the Konchigaku-in Temple ( 1898 - 1983 ) , Masaatsu AKIOKA ( 1898 - 1983 ) is a belief of Amaterasu Omikami .
Amaterasu Omikami is an ideal idea that the world of the world should be blessed with the world .
He said , ' I 'm ' and Izanagi 's ' Izanagi ' ( literally , ' I 'm ' ) , and the idea that the world of the world is said to be a person who is a pioneer of the world .
The shrine enshrining Amaterasu Omikami
The shrine enshrining Amaterasu Omikami is called Jinmyo-jinja Shrine , but it is located across the country , but the main shrine is the Naiku ( Imperial Palace ) of Ise-jingu Shrine ( Ise-jingu Shrine ) .
The Dai-jingu Shrine is a Shinto shrine that is enshrined as a deity of the Three Sacred Treasures of the Imperial Family .
Most of the shrines in Japan are distributed to the shrines of Daijingu Shrine ( Daima-jingu Shrine ) in Japan .
Daimyoshu is a word which is derived from the chief priest .
It refers to a person who has a great name .
It is a small name .
It was originally a person who tried to control power in local regions .
Among the samurai society , the term " samurai " meant a samurai who owned many territories and their subordinates .
In the Muromachi period , Shugo ( provincial constable ) strengthened his territory and became a shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord as provincial constable ) .
In the Sengoku period , the daimyos who established their own territory and established the daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) and Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) were called daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) .
In the Edo period , the term " Edo bakufu " came to mean a samurai who was given a stipend of 10,000 koku ( approximately 1.8 million liters of crop yield ) .
It is said that the samurai of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was a samurai of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In addition , daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) were also called feudal lords of feudal lords , because the feudal lords had their character and character as a feudal lord .
This section describes the details of the modern daimyo in the Edo period .
Refer to the article of the section for the shugo daimyo and Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) .
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Edo period
The daimyo in the Edo period was decided by the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , such as social status and court ranks , and the ranks were decided .
At first , the family was classified into the family of the Tokugawa Shogun family , and was classified as a daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) , such as a daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) , who was a vassal of the Tokugawa family before the Battle of Sekigahara , and was classified as a vassal of the Tokugawa family after the Battle of Sekigahara .
The first shogun , Ieyasu , was the first shogun , and the Tokugawa family was allowed to keep the Tokugawa family to control over the daimyo , and the Tokugawa family was allowed to use the Tokugawa family to the Tokugawa family as well as to support the Tokugawa family , and the Tokugawa family was allowed to use the Tokugawa family to the Mito Domain , and the ninth son Yorifusa TOKUGAWA , the tenth son of Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , was appointed to the Mito Domain .
In addition , he was appointed to the lord of the Echizen Domain , including Hideyasu YUKI , the second son of Hidetada TOKUGAWA , the second shogun , and the lord of the Echizen Domain .
In addition , he was appointed as a daimyo ( hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) as a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , which was a fudai daimyo ( a hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) , which was established by the Tokugawa Shogun family , and in order to secure the military power of the bakufu , he was appointed as an important post in the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was appointed to the post of chief minister of the bakufu .
The hereditary daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was relatively low , and the Hikone Domain of the Hikone Domain , which was a fudai daimyo ( a hereditary vassal of the Tokugawa family ) , had a large amount of rice crop yields in the Hikone Domain , which was a fudai daimyo ( a hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) , and the clan of the clan , such as the Torii clan , the SAKAKIBARA clan and the Ogasawara clan , and the Hatamoto clan , the Hatamoto clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , and the Toda clan .
It came to be used for the separation of power and military power .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) who belonged to the Tokugawa family , and many families in the Battle of Sekigahara .
In addition , the bakufu was strong , and in the case of fear of a fear of a rebellion , he was punished by a failure and failure , and when he was feared by a failure , he was sentenced to deprived of his fief .
As a representative , the clan of the Maeda clan , the Kaga Domain , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Saga clan , the lord of the domain of the Saga clan , the Sake clan , the Sake clan of the Akita clan , the lord of the domain of the Akita clan , the lord of the domain of the Akita clan of the Akita clan of the Akita clan of the Akita clan of the Akita clan , the Akita Domain of the Akita clan , the lord of the Akita clan , the Akita Domain of the Akita clan .
In addition , the territory was divided into a province or more than one province or more than one province or more than one province , and the castle was also divided into a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , and the castle was also divided into the status of daimyo ( feudal lord ) , and the daimyo ( feudal lord ) were divided into the status of daimyo .
For details , refer to the article of the section .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was not allowed to have a daimyo 's territory of the land , and the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was not allowed to have a territory of the land and the castle was not allowed to keep the territory around the castle .
In the case of a single village , one village and the local lords ruled the village .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was one thousand koku , but the Kikkawa clan of the Kirigawa clan was 5,000 koku .
This was because the Kikkawa clan was a descendant of the Ashikaga clan .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was under the control of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and the system of Sankinkotai ( a system of centralized government based on the ritsuryo code ) .
In addition , in the end of the Edo period , it was sometimes called the toboten ( a job to guard the coast of the sea ) and the end of the Edo period , and the daimyo was not a economically economical economy .
The word for daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord )
Among the kazoku kazoku , the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was from the lords of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) .
A residence of daimyo daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
In Edo , the residence was built in Edo , and the residence was called the residence of the residence .
He was a daimyo daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) were moved to the battlefield in the Edo period .
In addition , a group of a group of a group of a group is used to make a group of a group .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , who was ordered by the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) to the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
It was composed of feudal retainers of domains .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) had to pay a high interest in rice to the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The bakufu ordered the control of the bakufu to control the control of the criminals .
Fushin : Fushin for Fushin .
He was a bypass of the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The Japanese territorial lord daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was a legislation that was established for the purpose of communication between Edo and the national government .
When he is a feudal lord , he is made by the fish and the fish is made by the fish .
It is said that it was a weak .
It is cut into a large amount of fish and meat .
They purchase the budget of a daimyo .
It is a bowl of a bowl of rice bowl .
It refers to a kind of lacquered painting , which is used by the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , and the Japanese style , which is made by a Japanese feudal lord , and the like .
It is a type of clay pattern with a short pattern .
According to " Setsuyoshu " ( a collection of Japanese poetry compiled by the Muromachi period ) in the Muromachi period , the following two kinds of ' tamashi ' and ' daimyoyo ' were used to be Shugo ( provincial constable ) , and the latter , the latter was the meaning of the former Shugo ( feudal lord ) .
In the Sengoku period , it is said that the difference between the sound of the sound was made , and it is said that it was often called ' tamashi . '
In the early 17th century , the two two types of ' Omyo ' and ' Taka , ' are not clear , but the distinction between the sound and the sound is not clear .
The word ' Omyo ' was established in the Edo period , and in the Edo period , it was called ' Dainyo ' in the Kansei era .
Shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) , Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period )
Chikamasa , daimyo , daimyo , and so on .
The domain
Shoki
