Structure
Dogen was a Zen priest in the early Kamakura period .
He was the founder of the Soto sect .
He was also called Rogen in his later years .
He was also known as the founder of the sect .
His posthumous Buddhist name was Butsuden Kokushi , Joyo Daishi ( a priest ) .
It is generally called Dogen Zenji .
It is said that the manners and manners of meals were made in Japan , and the custom of manners and manners of meals .
There is also a theory that he brought back the Silk Silk ( Memorial bamboo ) .
There are many theories about the birth of Dogen , but there are various theories regarding the direct line of Michichika TSUCHIMIKADO ( MINAMOTO no Michichika or Michichika KOGA ) .
According to the theory , it is said that he was born as a son of FUJIWARA no Ishi , a daughter of FUJIWARA no Motofusa ( FUJIWARA no Motofusa ) , who was a daughter of FUJIWARA no Motofusa ( FUJIWARA no Motofusa ) , who was a daughter of the Matsudo-dono villa in Kyoto , Kyoto , but in recent years , it is said that he was a biological child of Michitoshi HORIKAWA , who was a biological child of Michichika HORIKAWA , who was a biological son of the Emperor .
There is also a theory that he was a son of Michichika , MINAMOTO no Michimitsu , and Michiko KOGA .
According to " Kenkoki " ( a record of the book ) , he was three years old at the age of three , and he was adopted by his older paternal half-brother , Michichika HORIKAWA , and was adopted by his older paternal half-brother , Michitoshi HORIKAWA .
According to one theory , there was a story that Motomichi , who was a maternal uncle of his maternal uncle , was adopted by the family of the Matsudono family , who had been a maternal uncle of his mother , and Dogen , who was a maternal uncle of the family , was said to have refused .
There is a theory that the founder Shinran , the founder of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , was a maternal relative of each other .
There is a theory that the volume of " Shobogenzo " written by Shinran was written by Shinran .
In 1213 , he visited his uncle , Yoshiaki , who was a maternal uncle of Mt . Hiei .
In 1214 , he became a priest and called himself Dogen Dogen , the head priest of the Tendai sect .
In 1215 , he studied the Tendai sect of Tendai Sect at Onjo-ji Temple .
In 1217 , he studied under Zenyo , a disciple of Saiyo in Kennin-ji Temple .
In 1223 , he went to the Southern Sung Dynasty to the Southern Sung Dynasty and received an impression from Jonjo of the Soto sect .
He returned to Japan in 1228 .
In 1233 , he opened Kosho-ji Temple in Fukakusa .
Around this time , he was suppressed by Mt . Hiei .
In July , 1243 , he moved to Echizen Province in Echizen Province by Yoshishige TANO , a jito ( manager and lord of manor ) of Echizen Province .
On the way to the invitation of Nobutsuna SASAKI , the lord of the Kutsuki village , he joined the Kutsuki Village in the order of Nobutsuna SASAKI , the lord of Kutsuki Village .
In 1244 , he founded Daibutsu-ji Temple .
In 1246 , he changed his name to Daibutsu-ji Temple and changed his name to Egen .
Around this time , he went to Kamakura because of the invitation of Tokiyori HOJO , Yoshishige HATANO and others .
In the Kamakura period , it was a half period of time , but in the Kanto region , it became the first time in the Kanto region .
In 1253 , he handed over Eihei-ji Temple to his disciple Ejo Ejo , who was a disciple of Eihei-ji Temple , and died at the age of 54 ( at the age of 53 ) at the age of 54 ( at the age of 53 ) at the age of 54 .
The cause of the death is said to be a tool .
Although it was completed by a certain number of Buddha , it was not necessary to do so , but it was the main nature of Buddha , and it was the best practice of Buddha ( Shuseiyo ) , and it was the most important training of the Buddha , and it was the best ascetic training of the Buddha .
In Kamakura Buddhism , many of the Super-shiso ( law of Buddhism ) are based on the Taoist ideology , but it is not completely uncertain .
It is a way to make the statue of the statue of the Buddha in the Buddhist law .
There are only one Kyodo ( Kyodo ) .
It is also known as yorishiro .
It is not necessarily that they want to live in the world .
There is a good sense of love , and there is a kneading on the ground , and there is also a root .
It is a kind of Buddhist precepts , such as Buddha , and Negane ( a kind of Buddhist precepts ) , and they are all living .
It is the origin of the Buddhist law .
It was not only a person who could not be able to do so that he could not be able to do so , ' and he was not only a disciple of the Shakyamuni 's disciples , but he denied the law of the Suho sect .
" Shoho Zokuzo "
" Shoho Zogenzo " ( Shoho Zankoki ) , the Japanese classical literature of Japanese classical literature , published by Seijiro NISHIO , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1965 )
" modern translation of the modern translation " ( 1 ) ( by Kazuo NISHISHIMA ) ( translated by Kazuo NISHISHIMA )
" Shoho Zokuzo ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) " ( Note , Yatsuo MIZUNO , published by Iwanami bunko , 1990 )
" Shoho Zokuzo " ( translated by Kunio ISHII , published in 2004 )
" Eikahirairoku " ( written by Kunihiro ISHII , published in 2005 )
" Eihei Seiki "
" Tenza Kyoku "
" Tenza Kyotokanokanpu " ( translated by Hosho NAKAMURA ) ( translated by Hosho NAKAMURA , translated by Phohu NAKAMURA )
" Shukushuho . "
" Shoho Zogenki " ( The Record of Shoho ) : A lecture of Dogen , a lecture of Dogen .
" Shoho Zogenki " ( The Record of Shoho Islands ) , " Shobogenzo " ( The book on the study of the teachings of Okubo ) , 1958 , " Shobogenzo , 1958 " )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( written by Jo FURUTA , published by Kanden Bunko , 1960 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( revised by Tetsuro WATSUJI , published in 1982 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( Picture of Yazo MIZUNO ) ( translated by Yasuko MIZUNO , translated by Yasuko MIZUNO )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( translated by Ikeda ) ( translated by Ikeda Publishing Co . , Ltd . , 1993 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( Complete Works of Shoichi YAMAZAKI , published by Seiichi YAMAZAKI , 2003 )
" Dogen Zenji Zenshu Zenshu " ( The collection of Zenji Zenji Zenshu ) ( The collection of Zen Zenji Zenshu Zenshu ) , published by Shunshu-sha Publishing Co . Ltd .
Documents
" Dogen Zenshi no Taka " ( Iwanami bunko ) ( Iwanami bunko )
" Dogen " by Michio TAKEUCHI ( " Dogen " ) , 1962
" Dogen Zenji no Zenjo " ( The life of Dogen Zenji ) , " Dogen Zenshi no Zenjo "
" Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen ) , 1971
" Dogen Zazenzo , " " Dogen Zazenzo " ( Dogen Zazen ) , Kyoto Broadcasting Corporation
Akira SUGANUMA , " Dogen Genjiten , " published by Tokyo Publishing Co . , Ltd
" Koza Dogen " edited by Motaka KAMISHIMA and Shiro YUKI , " Koza Dogen " ( The Picture of the Paintings of Dogen ) edited by Motaka KASHIMA and Shiro YUKI
" Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen )
It is 18 to 18 , including " Dogen " by Ryotaro SHIBA , " Echizen no Shodo " ( The Dogen of Echizen Province ) , and the Asahi Shinbun ( the newspaper of the Asahi Newspaper ) and 661 .
Ryotaro SHIBA : ' Sozo of YAMANAKA ' ( the same year ) : 663 .
Ryotaro SHIBA : 777 - 889 .
Ryotaro SHIBA 's portrait ' Jakuen no zu ' ( The painting of Jakuen ) , 10-104 .
" Dogen Zenshi " ( Dogen Zenji ) , " Dogen Zenshi " ( The Letters of Dogen )
Umekoji steam Locomotive Museum is a facility of a steam locomotive facility located in Kani-ji-cho , Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture , and is a steam locomotive facility .
On October 10 , 1972 , the Japanese National Railways was established in Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City as a result of the construction of the Japan National Railways ( Japan National Railways ) , and it was the first Japanese facility that supported the railway transportation of Japan in the first century , and it was the first Japanese facility that supported Japan 's transportation of Japan 's Japan Railway .
In 1987 , JR West was succeeded by JR West .
In addition , the facilities of this facility is located at the same station ( Umekoji Station ) , and the steam locomotives and the Sagano Scenic Railway Co . , Ltd . , which are operated by steam locomotives , are also conducted .
In the latter half of the 1960s , the steam locomotives , which had been established in the latter half of the 1960s , began to be preserved in the air of steam locomotives .
Initially , there was a large area in the area of Mt . Oyama , Tochigi Prefecture , which was close to the capital area of the capital , but it was designated as the most candidate candidate in the central area of Japan , because it was designated as a central part of the area , ' the central part of Japan , ' and ' the former site of the center of Japan ' was officially selected as a national treasure in 1970 .
In principle , the number of cars can be selected as the principle of the number of cars , but there are some cars that have not been scheduled to be scheduled to be scheduled to be scheduled to be scheduled .
The facility is called " steam locomotive Museum , " which is used by the former Umekoji Museum of the former Umekoji Ward , and the former Nijo station building was relocated to the former Nijo station building .
It was built in 1914 and was designated as an important cultural property on December 10 , 2004 , and it was designated as an important cultural property in the country along with the five electrification .
In the same year , he was selected for the Natural Preservation Society of Dohagi Society .
In 2006 , it was designated as a commemorative building of a railway commemorative building and the construction of a steam locomotive , a type of steam locomotives , which was designated as the old station building of the JR West , and the construction of a steam locomotives , which was designated as a commemorative building of the JR West .
The former Nijo station building was constructed in 1904 , which was built by the Kyoto Railway Company , which was built by the Kyoto Railway Company , and it was built in the Heian Heian-jingu Shrine , and it was built by the Kagan .
The Kyoto Railway was nationalized in 1907 , and after that , it was used as a national system , but it was used as a station building of the Sanin Main Line ( Sagano Line ) , but in 1996 , the station building was relocated to the station building of the Sanin Main Line ( Sagano Line ) , and the building was relocated to the site of the main building of the main hall , and the building was relocated to the site of the main building of the main building in 1997 , and in 1997 , the building was relocated to the site of the main hall .
In April 1996 , it was designated as a cultural property of Kyoto City .
In the form of a type of six-car steam locomotives in the Taisho period from Taisho to Showa periods , the number of sixteen ryo ( six-17 cars ) is exhibited and exhibited .
At the beginning of the opening , the preservation preservation is the principle , and the number of two cars , including CCC 545 and 51 , are operated by two cars , but the number of vehicles has been provided with seven cars , but in 2006 , the preservation preservation of the vehicle has seven seven cars , and in 2006 , the preservation preservation of the preservation preservation has seven seven cars .
Among them , five five ryo ( five ryo ) are still available , and two ryo ( Cy57 No. 1 ) are served at the main line , such as the Yamaguchi Line , the Hokuriku Main Line , the Hokuriku Main Line , and the Hokuriku Main Line , and the main line of the Hokuriku Main Line .
These two cars are not available , but they are not able to be examined because they are not allowed to be the main line .
In addition , it is operated by the main line of the ' SL Stream , ' which is used for exhibitions for exhibitions .
In the past , the station was located at the northern end of the station , which was located at the north end of the station , but it was changed to the north of the former Nijo Station , which was transferred to the former Nijo-jo Station , which was relocated to the south of the Sagano Line of the Sagano Line , and it was changed to the present Umekoji Park .
Even today , it has functions as an administrative district , and also the business line .
In addition , the improvement of the steam locomotive station was closed after the Kyoto Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Ubai
It is derived from ' Ubai ' which means Umekoji .
It is designated as a special commemorative commentary on the C62 No. 1 , which was designated as a national treasure , and in 2006 , it was designated as a commemorative commentary on the National Railways .
In 1972 , it is said that the term " tegoto " was transferred from the Independent Institutions in 1972 .
The number of the book is not available in Umekoji , and it is not available for a car .
8620 steam locomotives :
It was produced in 1914 .
It was transferred from the Hirosaki Universities .
In 1979 , it was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
JNR 600 steam locomotive
In 1914 , he was established .
It was transferred from Otaru Station .
In 1979 , it was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
In 1987 , it was preserved .
JNR / JR type steam locomotive
In 1946 , it was produced by Sozan SHIEYAMA .
It was transferred from the Kagoshima district .
In 1979 , it was dissolved .
In 2002 , the temple was restored and restored in 2002 .
JNR C11 steam locomotive
In 1940 , it was made by Kawasaki Electric Railway .
It was transferred from the Aizu Wakamatsu-jo Center for the Aizu-Wakamatsu Center .
In 1987 , it was dissolved .
JNR C51 steam locomotive
It was produced in 1927 .
In 1962 , it was abolished in the Shinatsu Unku Ward .
It was kept at the site of the Niigata Railway School , and it was restored by Umekoji Station , and it was restored by the Umekoji Preparatory Center .
JNR / JR Card steam locomotive
In 1928 , the company was manufactured .
It was abolished in the Umekoji Ward district in 1950 .
It has been preserved in 1961 and was preserved in the Museum of Fine Arts in 1961 .
JNR C55 steam locomotive
1935 : Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
The station was transferred from the Kami-gawa River .
In 1979 , it was dissolved .
JNR C56 steam locomotive ( a train car )
1939 : Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Matsumoto Transport Co . , Ltd .
JNR C57 steam locomotive : ( The station was operated by car ) .
In 1937 , Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Inakura Ward .
JNR C58 steam locomotive
In 1938 , the company was manufactured .
The station was transferred from the Kitakinomi Station .
In 1987 , it was dissolved .
JNR steam locomotive locomotive
In 1946 , it was produced in Japan .
It was transferred from the Nara Station .
In 1979 , it was dissolved .
JNR C61 steam locomotive : ( there is a car )
In 1948 , the Mitsubishi Industry Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Miyazaki Ward .
In 1979 , it was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
In 1987 , it was restored .
JNR C62 steam locomotive
It was established in 1948 .
In 1967 , it was abolished in the Hiroshima second ward .
In 1986 , it was designated as a national treasure , and it was stored in Hiroshima Railway Gakuen .
In 1994 , it was relocated to Umekoji .
C62 No. 2 : Created ( there is a car ) .
It was established in 1948 .
It was transferred from Otaru Kubinchi Ward .
In 1979 , it was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
In 1987 , it was restored .
JNR Dam steam locomotive
It was produced in 1925 .
It was transferred from the Naokata district .
In 1979 , it was dissolved .
JNR 51 steam locomotive
In 1936 , Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from the Hamada district .
In 1987 , it was dissolved .
D51 type 200 :
1938 : The Tokai Railway Company ( JR Central Japan Railway Company ) was established .
It was transferred from the Nakagawa-ku Ward .
In 1979 , it was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
In 1987 , it was restored .
JNR : Type 52 steam locomotives
1946 : The Mitsubishi Industry Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Goryokaku in Goryokaku .
In 1979 , it was dissolved .
JRR-W-20-type 10 : 10 ( 10 ) No. 1010-10
Picture : 9633333933
Picture 50 : 10 of the Picture Dam : 50 : 50 : 50 : 50 : 00 of Umekoji Cam Locomotive Museum
Picture 51 : 1 / 1 / 1 , C62 1 , C62 1 , C62 No. 1
Picture : 51,000-200 ( Swed-go )
Picture : 5345 cubic 5545
The portrait of JR-W-56160 ( SL ) No. 160 ( SSL ) No. 160 ( SL )
Picture : 6088,011 J.P.
Picture R-621 - Cream C62 No. 621-1
JR-W-622 C62 No. 2 , 662
JNR 10 Diesel locomotives
There are two cars and two cars .
JNR / JR Limited Express car
It is used as a room room .
There is a lot of the original form of the house , but it is used for households for housing , and the inside of the house is placed on the back .
In addition , it is impossible to use it .
" Umekoji 9090 " ( West Japan Railway Company , 2004 ) ISBN 477770705
" JNR / JR Tokaido Line II " ( Hozu-sha Shrine , 1984 ) ISBN 4586553012X
Seki Seki , ' Umekoji steam locomotives
In December , 1994 , " Railway Film " ( magazine ) , the first time for the first time of the first time in the first time of the first time of the " Railway Film " ( magazine ) , Umekoji steaming .
In 1994 , the construction of Umekoji Park and the opening of the National Highway No. 221 commemorates the commemorative service for preservation and preservation .
Kozan TAKAYAMA , ' Umekoji , ' 1 , 1
Sumiya-sha Shrine : January 1998 - February 41-442 , No. 41-442
Shomyo is one of Japanese traditional music .
It is a religious music which is used in Buddhist scriptures .
In Japan , it is also called Bonbai , Bonshutsu .
It is written in the old Japanese style .
It is one of the academic fields of ancient India .
Goryo refers to five kinds of learning , such as Shomyo ( the study of the Chinese classics ) , Bunho ( study of Chinese classics ) , Engaku ( art of art ) , and Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics ) .
It has been handed down to Japan with Buddhism in Japan .
There is a record that the Buddhist memorial service held by the Great Buddha of Todai-ji Temple in 754 and a Buddhist memorial service held in the Nara period is considered to have been performed in the Nara period .
In the early Heian period , Saicho , Kukai and Kukai handed down their Shomyo , and became the head of the Tendai sect and Shingon Shomyo .
In the Tendai sect and the Shingon sect , there is a voice of each sect , and now it is still inherited .
In order to transmit the koden , there was no music .
Therefore , Denju was difficult .
Later , hakase ( hakase ) was invented by the Gakufu .
In addition , there is a different difference in the specialty of each school .
However , the hakase ( hakase ) is a reference for the reason , and if it is necessary to learn , it is necessary to learn the shomyo , and it is not possible to maintain the school 's teachings and succession to the school .
Therefore , the leaders and the successor were required .
As a result of various conditions , many schools disappeared .
It became the basis for Saicho , which was the foundation of Saicho , and developed its own development .
After Saicho , the Ennin and Annen were expelled .
The founder of the Yuzu Nenbutsu is known as the founder of Nakoki .
In 1109 , Ryoo built in Ohara , Kyoto ( Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City ) .
The sango ( literally , " mountain name " ) , which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple in Ohara , is called Mt . Uoyama , and it is called Uyama-yama .
Before long , he became known as a dojo ( training hall ) of the Ohara-ryu school and the two branch temples of Shoren-in Temple .
In addition , Jakuhara became a member of the school , and in Ohara , the two schools of the two schools were the two schools .
Later , Muneyoshi started to restore Ohara Shomyo .
Tanchi built a new theory based on the theory of new music .
Since then , the central part of the Tendai sect was not inherited by the Tendai sect .
Yuzu Nenbutsu sect , Jodo sect , Jodo Shinshu sect , and Jodo Shinshu sect is the lineage of the Tendai sect .
The Shingon Shomyo is the basis of Kukai , and now it has become the basis .
It was after Masamasa , who had been systematized as a systematic system .
In the Kancho era , he was also said to be the founder .
He served as a composition of Shomyo .
In the Kamakura period , many schools were included in many schools , but it was compiled by Cloistered Imperial Prince Kakuho , and the four schools were compiled by Cloistered Imperial Prince Kakuho , the school of the school , the school of the Daigo school , and the Nakagawa River . )
The Shomyo of the Kogi Shingon sect was abolished and abolished in the Edo period .
In the middle of the Meiji period , the school was discontinued until around the middle of the Meiji period , and the school was discontinued until the middle of the Meiji period .
Currently , it is divided into Chiyama ( Chizan ) ( Chishakuin , Kyoto ) , Toyoyama ( Mt . Koya ) , Toyokoyama ( Mt . Koya ) , Mt . Koya , and Nanzan-ryu school ( Mt . Koya ) .
The name of Chizan Shomyo ( New Shingon sect of Buddhism ) and Toyokoyama school of Shingon sect ( Shingi Shingon sect ) , the Shingon sect of the Shingon sect , is derived from the Nakagawa Daishinryu school , and it originated from the Nakagawa Dairyu school .
Yorikane was raised to the old school of Daigo .
In 1583 , when the Negoro-ji Temple ( Wakayama Prefecture ) was burned down by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , both sides of Chiyama and Mt . Chizan were formed by the Daigo school of Daigo .
It is characterized as a feature of Toyokoyama , and it is called ' Shomyo ' in Mt . Chizan .
The Nakagawa school of the Nanzan school was established by Oku NAKAGAWA , the head of the Nakagawa school .
The Nakagawa school was the Daijin of Nakagawa-dera Temple , Nara and Nakagawa .
He moved to Mt . Koya in 1232 and 1233 in Sanpo-in Temple in Mt . Koya and moved to Mt . Koya .
Later , the name of Mt . Koya was also known as Mt . Koya , and was called Nanzan school .
It is also called the Shinyu school and Nonoyama school .
The music of Heikyoku ( Noh song ) , Yokyoku ( Noh song ) , and Joruri ( dramatic narrative chanted to a shamisen accompaniment ) can be said to be transformed by Shomyo .
The influence of hitoe music is greatly influenced .
Emperor Tenchi .
He was a male .
626 - January 7 , 672 .
The thirty-eighth Emperor .
His posthumous name was Amenomihihitamikoto no Mikoto .
His imina ( personal name ) was Katsuragi .
It is believed that he was also called Katsuragi no Miko .
He is generally known as Ono no Oe no Oji .
" Oi no Oe " means the crown prince , and ' Naka no Oe ' means ' the next Crown Prince . '
Summary
He was the second prince of Emperor Jomei .
His mother was Princess Hatsuhime ( later Emperor Kogyoku ) .
The Empress was Princess Yamatohime no Okimi , a daughter of Naka no Oe no Oji .
He made a coup d 'etat to kill SOGA no Iruka and killed SOGA no Iruka , and his uncle , Emperor Kotoku ascended the throne .
Then , he established a new era name ( Taika no hen ( the Taika Reforms ) , the leading figure in the Taika Reforms ) .
In addition , he was sentenced to death by a coup d 'etat , such as Prince Arima .
Since Baekje was defeated by Tang Dynasty China in 660 , he returned to the Imperial Court and sent Yung KUDACHI who was staying in the Imperial Court .
He stayed in Tsukushi in order to protect Baekje , but in 666 , Emperor Saimei passed away .
After that , he was not able to have the Imperial Throne to the Imperial Throne , but he was defeated in the Battle of Hakusukinoe in 663 , and was enthroned in Otsu City and ascended the throne .
After the Battle of Hakusukinoe , the castle was established as a part of the policy of the defense of the land , fire , fire , and defense .
In addition , the rank of Jo ( lower rank ) was carried out by the ninth floor of the ninth floor .
In addition , in 670 , he made ' Koshin no Kuni ' ( Newspaper ) , which was the oldest family registration in Japan .
It is said that the Nihonshoki ( Chronicles of Japan ) that Emperor Tenchi had to succeed the throne to the Imperial Prince Otomo and Prince Otomo .
However , the Jinshin War broke out after the death of Emperor Tenchi , Prince Oama ( Emperor Tenmu ) won the Prince Otomo and succeeded to the throne .
After that , the Emperor Tenmu continued to become Emperor Shotoku .
After the death of Shotoku , Prince Shirakabe , the grandson of Emperor Konin , ascended the throne as Emperor Konin , and after that , it became the Tenji line .
It is said that he had a daughter of Prince Nukata , who had been killed by Prince Oama , and he sent four daughters of the Prince Oama as his wife .
Brief Personal History
626 :
July 12 , 645 : He became the Crown Prince .
August 24 , 661 :
February 20 , 668 :
December 7 , 672 : 46 years old .
( According to " Fuso Ryakki " ( The History of Japan ) , there is a theory that the Emperor Tenmu 's assassination of the Emperor Tenmu was killed by the Emperor Tenmu , saying , ' The Emperor is the mountain of the mountain in the mountains of the mountain in the mountains of the mountain , ' and it is said that he was killed by the Emperor Tenmu ) .
It is a mysterious mysterious mysterious mystery in the middle of the seventh century .
There are several theories about this .
It is an order to support the Emperor Tenmu .
It is a misunderstanding that the Emperor Tenmu was a younger brother of Emperor Tenchi and the Emperor Tenmu , who was the younger brother of Emperor Tenchi , and the Emperor was a son of Emperor Jomei , who was the older maternal half-brother of Emperor Tenchi .
When the Emperor Tenmu died at the age of Emperor Tenchi in " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , he was born at the age of Emperor Tenmu .
However , there is no contradiction between the two historical materials , but there are many historical materials that have a difference between 8 and 9 .
On the other hand , there was a theory that ' the father of his father was a younger brother of his father , ' but it is said that ' the younger brother of his older brother , who was a younger brother , was said to be a younger brother , ' but it is said that the age of the age of 16 , which is described in " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , was the age of 16 , which was the age of sixteen years old when Emperor Jomei ascended the throne .
Therefore , the year of this year was in 614 , which was adopted by the Imperial Court in the same year .
" In the ancient times , " in " ancient times , it was not unusual in the ancient times , " and it was not unusual for the Emperor Tenchi and Jito ( Empress Jito , who had already been enthroned in the era of Emperor Tenmu ) .
This was because there was a misunderstanding .
In addition , there is also a theory that it is not possible when the book was compiled in the era of " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was written in the same manner as " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
( Refer to the article of ' Emperor Tenmu age ' ) .
It is said that the Isshi Incident was a coup d 'etat ( Emperor Kotoku ) , and Prince Naka no Oe was dismissed from the position .
In recent years , the relationship between Naka no Oe no Oe and SOGA no Iruka was very good , and the basic policy was similar to the basic policy .
As a result , Prince Naka no Oe no Oji killed Iruka .
In addition , in the description of the Taika Reforms in Nihonshoki , this theory was accepted by this theory .
In this theory , the reason why the Emperor Kogyoku 's abdication was banned by the Soga clan , who had not been expelled after the Emperor Kogyoku 's abdication , and so on .
It is a theory that the enthronement of Emperor Tenchi was acceded to the throne .
This is because Emperor Kotoku who was described in " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was described in the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , had a relationship with Emperor Tenchi and Emperor Tenchi ( the younger sister of Emperor Tenchi ) .
Although she was allowed to love love with her half-brothers , she was allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to have a close relationship with his brother , Prince Okaru , who was a sister of Chiko SANAKA , but he was disguised by his uncle , Ono no Okimi , who had been disguised by his uncle , Ono no Okimi ( Emperor Kotoku ) .
It is said that after the death of Emperor Saimei , the Imperial Princess was succeeded to the throne as the wife of the emperor , but there is a theory that it was caused by some circumstances .
This is a theory that the person who was called ' the Imperial Prince ' in " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) is a theory that the Emperor was the Emperor who was the Emperor who was the Emperor who was the Emperor 's accession to the throne .
There is a theory that she was called ' the Imperial Princess , ' and it is considered that she was called ' the Imperial Princess , ' but it is not necessarily certain whether it was Emperor Saimei .
It is difficult for the history of history and historical materials , but it is difficult to conclude the study of the study of archaeology , such as the study of archaeological results , such as the study of archaeology .
Poems
It is also known as the Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) in Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
In Ogura Hyakunin Isshu ( the Ogura Anthology of One Hundred Poems by One Hundred Poets ) , an honorific title for the first time in the Heian period was held , and the following poems were added to the beginning .
How in the autumn of the autumn , wash with the wash of the sleeves of the sleeves of the sleeves .
The following one is the following one .
The incense burner is not seen in the old times , and it is not possible to say that there is a great contribution to the ancient times of the gods of the gods and the gods .
Saionji family was a court noble who descended from the Fujiwara clan .
The Fujiwara clan was the Kanin line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan , and the family status was Seika .
The Toin family , the Imadegawa family ( the Kikutei family ) was a branch of the Saionji family .
He was a powerful branch of the Saionji clan , who used the name of Saionji , and the Saionji clan of Iyo Province .
The Kamon is used for the crest .
The Saionji family was founded by FUJIWARA no Michisue , the third son of FUJIWARA no Kinzane .
At the time of his great-grandson , Kintsune SAIONJI , who was a great-great-grandson of Michisue , he was confined to the Imperial Court as a member of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the Jokyu War , and he was confined to the Imperial Court as a relative of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the Jokyu War , and he was confined to the Imperial Court as a member of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and then he became the Grand Minister .
The name of Saionji is derived from the name of a temple which was built in the villa in the villa of the villa in Kitayama , Kadono County , Yamashiro Province ( Kitayama-no-sho , Kadono County , Yamashiro Province ) .
This hall was also called Kita-dono Palace , and the current Kinkaku-ji Temple was built by Yoshimitsu ASHIKAGA from the Saionji family .
He was supported by the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) from Kintsune , and also had a power of the Sekke ( family of regents and advisers ) through the Kamakura period .
Sanekane SAIONJI was close to Daikakuji-to ( the Daikakuji line ) , and he was a daughter of Cloistered Emperor Kameyama and Emperor Godaigo .
However , after FUJIWARA no Kinhira , the son of Kinhira SAIONJI , the Daikakuji Imperial line supported the Jimyoin line to support the Jimyoin Imperial line and deepened the conflict between the Daikakuji line and the Daikakuji line .
After that , the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was deprived of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) at the time of Kinmochi SAIONJI .
Kimimune shaved the remnants of the Hojo clan , and he assassinated Emperor Godaigo , who started the Kenmu Restoration , and planned a rebellion against the Emperor Godaigo , who was the successor of the Jimyoin line , and made a plan to overthrow the Retired Emperor Gofushimi of the Jimyoin line , and he was arrested and executed .
During the period of the Northern and Southern Courts , Sanetoshi SAIONJI , a son of Kinmune , served the Northern Court ( Japan ) to the Minister of the Right , and restored the family name .
It was also known as a family business in the Muromachi period and the Edo period .
In the early Edo period , Saneharu SAIONJI , the legitimate son of Tadaoki HOSOKAWA ( later disinherited and disinherited ) , was appointed to the position of Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) , Tokutada , who was the eldest son of Tadaoki HOSOKAWA ( later disinherited ) , but Kyuko NAGAOKA was promoted to Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) , but Kyuko NAGAOKA was given 600 koku to the family of the Saionji family .
At the end of the Edo period , Kinmochi SAIONJI was adopted by the Tokudaiji family of the Kanin school , and he was active as a politician in the Meiji Restoration and was active as a politician in the Taisho and Showa periods , and became a politician in the Taisho and Showa periods .
Incidentally , there is a episode that the performance of the biwa ( biwa ) of the Saionji family was a family business of the Saionji family , but it is said that he was a member of the Imperial Household Ministry , and it is said that he was a member of the Imperial Household Ministry , and he was ordered to be a member of the Imperial Household Ministry and played a role of a biwa ( Japanese biwa ) and biwa ( biwa ) and biwa ( biwa ) .
Mt . Hiei is a mountain located in the western part of Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture and the northeastern part of Kyoto City .
It is a generic term for the two pages of Mt . Hiei ( 8488.3 meters ) in Sakyo Ward , Otsu City and Sakyo Ward , and the name of Shimono-gami is a general term for the two pages .
It is located in Otsu City .
It is believed to have been worshipped by Mt . Koya along with Mt . Koya , and it prospered with Enryaku-ji Temple and Hiyoshi Taisha Shrine .
It is included in Higashiyama ( Kyoto Prefecture ) .
It is also known as Eizan , Hokan , Tendai , and so on .
Summary
It is located in the northeast of the north east of Kyoto , and Mt . Hiei is considered to be the mountain of the castle of the castle .
According to the Kojiki , Mt . Hiei is written as Mt . Hito ( Mt . Hiei ) , and there is a description that Oyamakui no kami was enshrined in Mt . Hie in Omi Province .
After Enryaku-ji Temple was founded at Mt . Hito , Oyama no kami was regarded as the guardian deity of the Tendai sect and Enryaku-ji Temple , and the mountain worship of Mt . Oyama was spread .
In addition , there is a temple in Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei at the foot of Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei , and is a mountain mountain .
The mountain is also popular , and there is a mountain road that runs from the Shugakuin , Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , and there is a mountain road located in Sakamoto , Sakyo Ward , Shiga Prefecture ( Otsu City ) and Sakamoto ( Otsu City ) .
There are many Buddhist monks and priests who represents the temple and Enryaku-ji Temple from ancient times to Kyoto and the Imperial Court , which is still a lot of visitors .
In the Yamanouchi area , the Tokai Film Road , which runs from Otsu to Ohara , Kyoto , is located .
In order to go to the top of the mountain , there is a lot of tourists visit to the top of the mountain to the top of the mountain .
In the past , it was located at the top of Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei , and it was closed until 2002 , and the site of the site of the site of the site was called ' Gaolan Museum , ' and the site of the site of the site of the site of the site of Mt . Hiei .
In addition , the Kyoto side was located on the side of the Mori area , but it was closed on November 30 , 2001 , and the site was closed on November 30 , 2001 .
Daikei and Yakujingaku
According to the surveys of the land of land land , it is called Mt . Hiei and the west of Mt . Hiei , and it is called Mt . Hiei as a general term .
In the ' Record of the Past , ' the name ' Mt . Hiei ' is called ' Mt . Hiei ' ( Mt . Hiei ) .
It is located on the border between Otsu City and Kyoto City , but it is located in Otsu City .
It is difficult to confirm the top of Mt . Hiei in the Kyoto Basin , and it is difficult to confirm the top of Mt . Hiei as the top of Mt . Hiei .
In the Eizan Electric Railway , the Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , the top of Mt . Hiei is located at the top of Mt . Hiei .
There are many theories about the name of the name of the country , and there are many theories about the name of the land of the land , such as ' Shirogatake , ' ' Shirogatake , ' ' Shiyakuho , ' and ' Shimonoho . '
The name of Mt . Hiei , which is the name of Mt . Hiei , is the name of the Tendai sect , which originated from the Tendai-shu sect of the Tendai sect , and its name is derived from the Tendai sect of Buddhism .
Geography
Mt . Hiei ( left )
The mountain area of Tanba Province is divided into the boundary between the mountains and the flag .
Therefore , it is considered to belong to Mt . Hiei or Mt . Hiei .
Access
Mt . Hiei Railway Line ( Sakamoto Cable ) ( Sakamoto Cable )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Eizan Cable )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd .
Mt . Hiei Drive
Kyoto Prefectural Road 30 , Shiga Prefectural Road 30 , Kyoto Prefectural Road 30
Mt . Hiei Drive Bus Co . , Ltd . , Mt . Hiei
The Keihan Bus Yamashina Office
Kyoto Bus Arashiyama Line ( Mt . Hiei Drive Bus )
TV broadcasting station
On the side of Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , there is a TV television that is located in Kyoto Prefecture .
In the Shiga Prefecture , it has been established in a tastena , which is a telephone , which is a telephone .
Structure Detwork Broadcasting Corporation
April 1 , 2005 : The station started .
Industrial station : Broadcasting Corporation
Bingo
The TV program of Osaka Broadcasting Co . , Ltd . , Ltd . , NHK TV program , BBS broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting , and Telephone TV broadcasting broadcasting , and the TV broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting by the Osaka Broadcasting Co . , Ltd . , a TV program of the TV program of the Osaka Broadcasting Corporation .
There is a lot of people who see the NHK NHK , NHK NHK , NHK NHK .
Tokai-do Gojusan-tsugi
In the Edo period , the area of the Tokaido Road , which was connected to Edo ( Tokyo Metropolitan Chuo Ward ) and Kyoto ( Sanjo-ohashi Bridge ) .
It is explained in this section .
It is a Ukiyoe ( Japanese woodblock prints ) by Hiroshige UTAGAWA , who painted on the Tokaido Road ( 55 ) of the Tokaido Road .
It is a foodstuff of the Food Federation which was sold from Susanoo .
- Tokaido Gojusan-tsugi ( the fifty-three stations of Tokaido Road )
Tokai-do Gojusan-tsugi is a street running through the Tokaido Road , which is built in the Edo period , and the section between the Tokaido Road and the Tokaido Road , which runs along the Tokaido Road .
In many cases , there were many places where the scenery of this 53 were established , and many of them were often used in the historical sites of Ukiyoe ( Japanese woodblock prints ) , waka ( Japanese poetry ) and haiku ( haiku poet ) .
In the case of the fifty-three syllables , it is referred to as the fifty-seven syllables , and in the case of Osaka to Osaka , it becomes the fifty-seven syllables .
The following are classified into each province .
The number of the number is different from Shinagawa .
* The autonomous body of autonomous autonomous autonomous autonomy in the Heisei period is also written .
Nihonbashi ( Chuo Ward , Tokyo )
1 . Shinagawa ( Shinagawa Ward , Tokyo )
2 . Kawasaki juku ( Kawasaki Ward , Kanagawa Prefecture )
3 . Fukai-juku ( Kanagawa Ward , Kanagawa Prefecture )
4.4 : Yagatani , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture
5.5 Takarazuka ( Takarazuka Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
6 . Fujisawa-juku ( Fujisawa City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
7.Hirazuka Station ( Hirazuka City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
8.8 Oiso-juku ( Kanagawa Prefecture , Kanagawa Prefecture )
9 : Odawara ( Odawara City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
10 . Hakone juku ( located in Hakone Town , Kanagawa Prefecture )
11.3 Mishima Station ( Mishima City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
12 . Numatsu-juku ( Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
13 . Sakaido ( Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
14 . Yoshiwa-juku ( Fuji City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
15 : Gabaka-juku ( Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
16 . Yatsuijuku ( Yu-machi , Ihara County , Shizuoka Prefecture )
17 : Okuki-juku ( Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
18.Ejiri-juku ( Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
19.7 Fuchu no Kyuku ( Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
20.Muko juku ( Suruga Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
221 : Okabe no juku ( Shita County , Shizuoka Prefecture )
22 : Fujijuku Station ( Fujita City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
23 . Shimada Shuku ( Shimada City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
24.24.Kaya Shuku ( located in Shimada City , Shizuoka Prefecture ) ( former Kanaya-cho , Shimada City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
25 : Hizaka-juku ( Kakegawa City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
26.Kakegawa-juku ( Kakegawa City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
27 : Fukurodo juku ( Fukuroi City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
28.3 m.m. ( Iwata City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
29.Hamamatsu-shuku ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
30 : Bikazuka-juku ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ) ( former Hamamatsu City , Hamamatsu City )
31 : Shinjuku ( Shinmachi , Hama County , Shizuoka Prefecture )
32 : Hakusa-juku ( Kosei City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
33 : Ikakawa-juku ( Toyohashi City , Aichi Prefecture )
434 Yoshida juku ( Toyohashi City , Aichi Prefecture )
35 : Oyuki-juku ( Toyokawa City , Aichi Prefecture )
36 : Akasaka juku ( Toyokawa City , Aichi Prefecture )
37 : Fujikawa-juku ( Okazaki City , Aichi Prefecture )
38 : Okazaki-juku ( Okazaki City , Aichi Prefecture )
339 : Oike-juku ( Chichi City , Aichi Prefecture )
40 : Naruki-juku ( Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture )
41 : Miyakiya-juku ( Atsuta Ward , Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture )
42 Kuwana juku ( Kuwana City , Mie Prefecture )
43 : Yokkaichi City ( Mie Prefecture )
444 koku Yakushi juku ( Suzuka City , Mie Prefecture )
45 : Shoya juku ( Suzuka City , Mie Prefecture )
46 : Kameyama Station ( Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
47 : Sekiyado ( Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture ) ( old town of Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
448 : Sakasuke no juku ( Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture ) ( old town of Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
949 : Shukiya-juku ( Koka City , Shiga Prefecture )
50 : Minakuuchi-juku ( Koka City , Shiga Prefecture )
51 : Bound for the Iwabe no juku ( located in Koan City , Shiga Prefecture )
52 : Kusatsu-juku ( Kusatsu City , Shiga Prefecture )
553 Otsu-juku ( Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture )
Sanjo Ohashi Bridge ( Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
According to one theory , Ieyasu TOKUGAWA said that he was a disciple of Bugen Bosatsu ( the Bodhisattva of Fugen Bosatsu ) in Edo ( Kegata ) in Edo , which is said to have been in charge of the order of Bugen Bosatsu ( Bodhisattva of Fugen Bosatsu ) by the order of Bugen Bosatsu ( Bodhisattva of Fugen Bosatsu ) , which is said to have been held by the order of Bugen Bosatsu .
It was established in 1619 when the station of the Tokaido Road ( Osaka Kaido Road ) was established in 1619 .
It is sometimes called the Tokai-do Road , which is called the Kyo-kaido Road .
In the case of the Kyo-kaido Road in the Tokaido Road , the route is located in the southwest of Otsu Ohashi Bridge ( Otsu City , Otsu City ) , which is located in the southwest of Otsu Station ( Otsu City , Otsu City ) , and the next day is Fushimi-juku .
It is classified according to the Ritsuryo system .
The first number of the number is different .
The number of the two is Shinagawa juku ( Musashi Province ) .
54 : Fushimi-juku ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
5.Yodo-juku ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
556 Hirakata-juku ( Hirakata City , Osaka Prefecture )
5.Moriguchi-juku Station ( Moriguchi City , Osaka Prefecture )
Goryeo ( Chuo Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture )
In the past , it was located in Kyobashi ( Chuo Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture ) , and it was located in the boundary between Chuo Ward , Osaka City .
" Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) was written in the middle of the Heian period , and it is said that the book was written by Shonagon , Shonagon ( chief councilor of state ) in the mid-Heian period .
" Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Harune-sho " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Shunsho " ( The Pillow Book ) , is the oldest of the manuscript in the Kamakura period .
It was also called " Seishuroki " ( The Diary of Shonagon ) .
He had a great impact on poetry and haikai ( seventeen-syllable verse ) in the later years as a pioneer of ' The Tale of Genji , ' and he had a great influence on renga ( linked verse ) , haikai ( a traditional Japanese poem of thirty-one syllables ) and Kanazoshi ( a Japanese syllabary ) .
It is also known as the " Itsuregusa " ( The Record of the Hojo clan ) written by Chomei YOSHIDA and " Tsurezuregusa " by Kaneyoshi YOSHIDA .
It is pointed out that there is a similar style , and it has been pointed out that the book was written in " Yoshiyama-sanzusan " which was written in the late Tang Dynasty in the late Tang Dynasty , and it is not found .
According to the text of the end of the chapter , the origin of the book was made by FUJIWARA no Korechika , Minister of the Interior , and the name of the name of the name of the name of the emperor , and when FUJIWARA no Korechika , who was the younger sister of the Emperor Ichijo , presented a paper to the Emperor and the Emperor Ichijo , he asked him to write " The History of the Emperor , " and when Shonagon , who was in charge of the state of the palace of the Imperial Palace , asked him to write " The Makura no Makura " ( The Pillow Book ) .
As a result , it was given the paper from the Imperial Palace to be given from the Imperial Palace ( according to the version of " Makura no Makura " ( The Makura no Makura no Makura [ The Pillow Makura ] ) , it is not mentioned in the book of " Makura no Makura " ( The Pillow of the Pillow of the Pillow ) , " Makura no Makura no Makura " ( The Makura no Makura no Makura ( The Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura ) . )
There is a theory that the name ' Makura no Soshi ' comes from this .
According to " Makura no Soshi no Kenkyu " ( The Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi ) , he was a researcher of the " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , Shinobu ORIGUCHI , and Kikan IKEDA .
The following is a representative theory of the Makura .
Structure : The word ' shiki ' ( literally , a plum tree ) , which is said to have been written in the words of " Shiki ( History of the History of Ancient Matters ) . "
Letters of the writer : " Makura no makura " ( The Makura Makura ) , " Shinju " ( a kind of words ) , and " Rahirai " ( literally , " Letter " ) , and so on .
Riboku Bokuroku : It is said to be a zoshi ( a lute ) , which is also placed as a zoshi ( a kind of mackerel ) .
The theory of Hokuzo
Religious theory
However , there is no clear theory .
In addition , the ' Makura no Soshi ' was used as a common name for the beauty of beautiful beauty in " Eiga Monogatari " ( The Tale of Flowering Flowers ) .
In the first time , the first work was written in the same book , and in 996 , MINAMOTO no Tsunefusa , the middle captain of the left , came from the family of the author .
Even after that , there is a description that it was written in the end of the Kanei era , and it is said that it was written in the end of the Kanei era .
The text of " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) written in " The Tale of Genji , " which is written in " The Tale of Genji , " which is written in " The Tale of Genji " ( The Tale of Genji ) , is a complicated process .
The difference between the biographies of the book is quite large .
It consists of three volumes , and it consists of three volumes .
It is written in 1228 , which is a book that has been written by FUJIWARA no Teika , who is called " Go-o " ( literally , " great man " ) , which is written by FUJIWARA no Teika .
It is considered that it is easy to read ' Buni Bunzashi ' and is considered to be close to the oldest .
The two types of Kikan IKEDA were classified into two types .
The first book is a book that started from the beginning of the beginning of the first volume of the book , ' The spring of the spring , ' which started from the beginning of the beginning .
It is about 230 .
Yomei Bunko Bunko Zotomoto ( The Book of the Imperial Household Archives ) , a collection of the Imperial Household Agency , the Imperial Household Archives , and the Takamatsumiya family .
The second book ( Otomono ) - 300 .
Yatomi Temio : A book owned by the Yatomi Library , a book owned by the Date family of the Date family , and the old book owned by the Kajuji family of the Kajuji family , and the old books of the Kanjuji Library .
It is said that the family was brought to the family 's relationship with Shonagon , who was a relative of Shonagon , and the wife of TACHIBANA no Norinaga , who was a son of Shonagon , who was a son of Shonagon .
It came back to the end of the Kamakura period .
It is widely accepted that the book is that the dispute between the three volumes and the three volumes is the same as that of the original version of the book , which is the origin of the original book .
It is about 230 books for the beginning of the beginning .
300 books
It is considered to be the shape of the style .
It is a transcription in the Muromachi period .
There is a record that Hirokata KIYOHARA , a priest who lived in Sakai , was copied , and the name of Sakamoto was written by the name of Sakamoto .
Volume 2 .
The diary is not included in Nikki ( diary of diary ) .
Gokogon-in Temple : 190 story .
There is a record that Emperor Gokogon was copied .
This book was written by Shinkan .
It is one of the 95 stories .
The two kinds of two types :
In general , the Sakamoto-bon refers to this .
It is one of the volume 107 .
It is one of two volumes .
The third volume is 102 .
It is one of the four stories .
5 volumes :
It is considered to be the shape of the style .
There are only Kaga Province , Maeda family , and others .
It is a box with gold and silver powder , and it is said that the box was made by gold and silver .
It is an important cultural property .
It is said that the oldest volume of " Makura no Soshi " was written in the early Kamakura period .
Among this , the Hon-bon manuscript of the Sakamoto-bon line is included in " Gunsho Ruiju " ( Collection of Gunsho Ruiju ) , and the three types of Sakamoto-bon are included in " Shin Gunsho Ruiju " ( The Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Classics ) .
In addition , in the early Edo period ( Kanei era ) , the original text was used as the original text in the early Edo period ( Kanei era ) and " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , and " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , the main mainstream of the book .
However , by Shigetaro TANAKA ( 1917 - 1987 ) , the second book was reevaluated , and after the Second World War , it was read as a textbook book , and after World War II , it became the situation where it was read .
In addition , it is believed that the book was written in the late Kamakura period , " Makura no Soshi Ekotoba " ( The Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi [ The Pillow Book ] ) and " Makura no Soshi Ekotoba " ( The Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi [ The Pillow Book ] ) , which was written in the late Kamakura period .
The second volume of the volume book is about 300 years , which is more than 300 years .
The ' Mushi ' is a typical example of ' Mushi no Hana ' ( The Pillow of the Past ) , ' Utsukiri no Hana ' ( The Pillow of the Past ) , ' Utsukiri kuru ' ( The Life of the Flowers ) , ' Utsukiri ' ( The Story of the Present ) , and ' Eigihon ' ( The Story of the Present ) , which is the same as the ' Eigiju ' ( a diary of the Empress Teishi ) , and the author of the Imperial Court 's court society , and the author of the Empress Teishi , who held the court society of the Imperial Court and the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court and the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court .
However , the classification of the classification is not clear , and there is also a theory that ' spring is the first part of the spring . '
It is written in a simplified style of Japanese literature which used a hiragana ( Japanese syllabary ) and a short story , which is a simple style of writing , and a short story of the chancellor of the Chancellor of the Chancellor of the Chancellor of the Chancellor of the Chancellor of the Chancellor of the Empress Teishi reflects the situation that he was very good at that time .
The author of the author was sophisticated , and he made a good reputation in " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , which was a sense of beauty of " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) .
Program
In the Makura no Soshi ( Pillow Book ) , there is a lot of beauty and nature , which is a kind of fashion , which is the same as that of a human nature , and it is a kind of fashion .
According to the Itsuki , which was made by the next generation , it was not known by the different parts of the contents of the contents , and in the case of the fact that it was the same as the " Tenma Tenma " ( the Heaven Heaven ) , it was not Ayanakari ( a kind of Japanese cavalry ) , and it was not Ayanokumi .
The word ' Suibushi - Toki ' ( The Spring of the Spring ) , which is seen in the Kokin Wakashu ( A Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ) , is a challenge in the middle section , which is a challenge of the sense of beauty , which is seen in the Kokin Wakashu ( A Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ) , and the story of the story of the author , which is seen in the Kokin Wakashu ( A Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ) , is a challenge of the people who have been familiar with traditional Japanese poetry .
It is a love for the Empress Teishi , the Empress Teishi .
It was written in order to keep the souls of the dead , which was written by the Michitaka family .
Therefore , it is natural that Michitaka 's family declined .
In addition to the above , there is a description in which the chugu is written by the Empress and Chugu ( the second consort of the Emperor ) , and the Emperor 's reins of the Emperor , and the Emperor 's reins ( Kozuke Province ) , who insisted that the emperor should live in the world of the emperor and the world .
criticism of criticism
It is a dark sandle that is said to have been from the rank of Shonagon ( a chief councilor of state ) , and it is a Asakusa sama ( literally , " mountain name " ) ( Mt . Akiyama ) .
( It is not possible to say that the social status of the family was not allowed to have a high rank . )
It was not written in the " Teishi no Miya no Eki " ( The Record of the Imperial Palace ) , but it was not written by the qualification of ' . '
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA was the 15th Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and on December 9 , 1866 , he was appointed as the 15th Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) .
He was the only shogun who did not hold the post of the shogun as a shogun .
He was appointed as Naidaijin ( Minister of the Interior ) , Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) and the First Order of Merit .
He was the House of Peers ( Japan ) .
After the death of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , the 14th shogun of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , he was appointed as the 15th shogun of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
After the Emperor Meiji , he returned to the government , but in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi after the Restoration of Imperial Rule ( Japan ) , he returned to Edo-jo Castle from the Imperial Court to the Edo Castle in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , which was in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , and was confined by the Imperial Court .
In the Meiji period , he was dismissed from his house , and he lived until the Taisho period , and lived until the Taisho period .
It is also read as ' Yoshinobu ' or ' Ikki . '
There is a record that says that the official documents of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) were called " Yoshihiko " in the official documents of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In addition , the name of the book is also written in the name of a fashion and English newspaper .
In Mito City , which is a place where it is a place , it is often called ' Yoshino ' in Shizuoka City , which is called ' Ikki . '
According to a person who know Yoshinobu 's death , Yoshinobu was called ' Ikki ' and he called himself ' Ikki ' by his younger brother , Akitake TOKUGAWA .
It is said that Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA , who succeeded Yoshinobu after Yoshinobu , was called ' Keikyu . '
The two types of ' Ikiki ' and ' Iki-san ' are found in many places , but they are often used in various places , but they are often used in various places , but they are often used in some cases .
Ryotaro SHIBA said , ' The person who is called " Ikki " is a member of the former retainers of the former retainers of the domain , but it is possible that he was deeply respected in a wide area because he was a member of the Higo clan who was overthrown by overthrowing the Shogunate .
On September 29 , 1837 , he was born as the seventh son of Nariaki TOKUGAWA , the ninth lord of the Mito Domain in Edo , and the ninth lord of the domain .
His mother was Princess Yoshiko ( the third wife of the third Shogun , Iemitsu TOKUGAWA ) , and his mother was the lawful wife of Iemitsu TOKUGAWA .
However , the real mother of Iemitsu is said to have been the lawful wife of Hidetada , the lawful wife of Hidetada , but there is a theory that the wife of Kasuga no Tsubone was his mother .
His childhood name was Shichiro .
In the education policy of Nariaki , who was said to have been allowed to foster a child , he moved to the Mito Domain in seven months after his death , and he was also taught by Masayoshi SAKUZAWA , who was a disciple of the Tokugawa Tokugawa family , and had a lot of martial arts and martial arts .
It seems that Nariaki was the first son of Yoshinobu , because he had been attracted attention from those days , and the first son , Yoshiatsu TOKUGAWA , was not allowed to succeed to the family .
On August 1 , 1847 , the Emperor ordered him to be the heir of the Mito Domain to the Mito Domain , and was ordered to be the successor of the Hitotsubashi family of the Mito Domain .
After that , he inherited the Hitotsubashi family on September 1 , and took the name of Yoshinobu from the 12th Shogun Ieyoshi TOKUGAWA in December , and called himself Yoshinobu .
Ieyoshi visited the residence of Yoshinobu as a candidate candidate for the heir to the shogun , but he gave him a remonstration by Masahiro ABE , roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) .
In 1853 , after the confusion of the ship of Kurobune , Ieyoshi TOKUGAWA , the 13th shogun , died of illness , and the 13th shogun Iesada TOKUGAWA , who succeeded to the position of the shogun , did not have a child , and the problem of the 13th shogun , Iesada TOKUGAWA , who had succeeded to the position of shogun .
There was a conflict between Nariaki and Masahiro ABE , who recommended Yoshinobu , and the lord of the Hikone Domain , Naosuke II , the lord of the Hikone Domain , who was the lord of the Kishu Domain , Yoshifuku TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Kishu Domain , and the lord of the Hikone Domain , who was the real mother of Keifuku TOKUGAWA , the lord of Kishu Domain .
The Hitotsubashi group was sent to O-oku as the adopted daughter of Nariakira SHIMAZU and the shogun , and in 1858 , Masahiro ABE , Nariakira SHIMAZU , and Nariakira SHIMAZU , who became Tairo ( chief minister of the shogun ) , died in 1858 , and Naosuke II , who became Dairo ( chief minister of the shogun ) , decided to be the shogun , and in 1858 , Naosuke II , who became Dairo ( chief minister of the shogun ) , decided to be the shogun .
In the same year , Naosuke II was given the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and Japan .
Yoshinobu asked Nariaki , the lord of Fukui Domain , and Yoshiakira MATSUDAIRA , who was the lord of the Fukui Domain , but on the other hand , he was sentenced to retire in the following year , and in 1859 , he was suspended by his retirement in 1859 ( Ansei no Taigoku [ Ansei no Taigoku ] ) .
In addition , when Yoshinobu was not able to succeed to the throne , he sent a letter to Nariaki , saying , ' I will not be able to take over the country , but I will not take over the country . '
In 1860 , he was confined .
In 1862 , by the Satsuma army of Satsuma Domain led by Hisamitsu SHIMAZU , Shigetomi OHARA went to Edo and was ordered by the Emperor Komei , who was the Shogun , and the Emperor Komei , who was the Shogun , to become a shogun , and Shungaku MATSUDAIRA ( Yoshinaga ) .
On July 6 , the bakufu appointed Yoshinobu as the guardian of the shogun and the president of Shungaku .
In the Bunkyu Reforms , Shungaku , who was called the Bunkyu Reforms , was established in the Bunkyu Reforms , and in the same year , he was established by the Kyoto shugoshoku ( military governor of Kyoto ) .
In 1863 , he went to Kyoto as a member of the shogun , Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and worked hard to negotiate with the Imperial Court .
When Emperor Komei visited Iwashimizu Hachiman-gu Shrine , Iemochi was given a sword from the Emperor to the Emperor , and he was forced to make an audience with Iemochi , and he was forced to take an audience with Iemochi , and he was forced to give an audience with Iemochi .
In the Coup of August 18 , the Sonno Joi ha ( supporters of the expulsion of foreigners ) and the Sonno Joi ha ( supporters of the expulsion of foreigners ) were expelled by the Choshu Domain , and in the conference , he went to Kyoto again to join the conference of the Imperial Court and the shogunate .
However , the conference of the conference was not able to see the conference , and it is said that he was drunk at the sake meeting with Imperial Prince Kuninomiya Asahiko , who had been drunk at the meeting with Imperial Prince Kuninomiya Asahiko , who had been drunk at the meeting , and he made a violent saying , ' I 'm you to get off from Shimazu , ' and so on .
After that , the Imperial Court stayed in Kyoto and was appointed to the post of Shugo ( provincial constable ) , Katamori MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of the Aizu Domain ) , and Sadaki MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of the Aizu Domain ) , and the court nobles and court nobles ( the lord of the Kuwana Domain ) , and the court nobles and court nobles ( the lord of the Kuwana Domain ) .
In the Rebellion of Tenguto , the retainers of the Mito Domain , such as Yusai TAKEDA , who supported Yoshinobu supported Yoshinobu , and the retainers of the Mito Domain , who supported Yoshinobu .
In 1864 , he commanded the army of the bakufu in the Kinmon Incident and attacked the Choshu army which occupied the Takatsukasa residence .
When the first conquest of Choshu , he made a great effort to the Imperial sanction of the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and the United States of Japan .
In the second conquest of Choshu in 1866 , Yoshinobu received an imperial order to conquer Choshu Domain .
However , the Satsuma clan , who formed the Choshu Alliance , was defeated by the bakufu army , and the bakufu army was defeated .
On July 20 , the second conquest of Choshu , Iemochi died in Osaka-jo Castle .
Yoshinobu issued an imperial rescript to the Imperial Court , and succeeded to the conclusion of the war .
He was recommended by Iemochi , but Yoshinobu refused this .
On August 20 , the Tokugawa Shogun family succeeded to the position of shogun , but he refused to be appointed as shogun .
After that , roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) asked the shogun , and on December 5 , he was given the title of shogun to Shogun , and on December 5 , he assumed the position of shogun .
This was because the shogun became a shogun , and he tried to take advantage of politics by taking advantage of politics .
Yoshinobu , who was a minister of France , had a support from France to 240 million dolls from France , and established a military system to establish a military reform , and started to establish a military system to establish a military reform , and started to establish a military reform .
In addition , he encouraged his younger brother Akitake TOKUGAWA , who was a retainer of the shogun , who was dispatched to Europe , and he encouraged him to study in Europe .
In the issue of Hyogo Port , he received an imperial sanction by the Imperial Court .
Yoshinobu , who was ' an imperial order to overthrow the Shogunate , ' was given to the Imperial Court on October 14 , 1867 , and on October 14 , 1867 , he was permitted to return to the Imperial Court ( Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) ) .
It is said that the Imperial Court had no political power in the Imperial Court , and it is said that the Tokugawa regime tried to establish the Tokugawa regime .
However , Toshimichi OKUBO , Tomomi IWAKURA and Tomomi IWAKURA , who aimed to overthrow the Shogunate , were issued in December , and Yoshinobu was ordered to be the Minister of the Imperial Palace , and Yoshinobu was ordered to be appointed as Naidaijin ( Minister of the Interior ) .
Yoshinobu left the Osaka-jo Castle to avoid conflict , and he was sent by foreign ministers and sent them to the Imperial Court , and he tried to make a decisive form to the Imperial Court , and he made a vaceful form to the Imperial Court .
However , in 1868 , the Satsuma Domain raised an army and raised an army in Edo City , and the Aizu Domain and Kuwana Domain in Kyoto .
However , in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi which broke out on January 3 , the army of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was not involved in the battle , and in the battle , the army of the former Shogunate had to retreat to Edo and retreated to Edo in " Kaiyo maru . "
However , the government army led by Yoshinobu , who was the enemy of the Imperial Court , started the expedition to the east , and the government army led by Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito .
Yoshinobu insisted that he was to suppress the resistance of the resistance of the resistance against Tadayuki OGURI .
In February , he was appointed by Kaishu KATSU and confined himself in the Kanei-ji Temple in Kozuke Province .
He was adopted by the head of the Tokugawa family ( later Iemochi TOKUGAWA ) , who was adopted by the family head of the Tokugawa family .
When the negotiations with the Imperial army and the Imperial army , the negotiations with the Imperial army were forced to move to the castle , and they were forced to move to Mito , and they were forced to move to Mito Domain , and they were confined to the house of the domain school .
In July , the Tokugawa family moved to Sunpu , which was transferred to the Tokugawa family .
Enshin HARA ( a retainer of the Mito Domain , a feudal retainer of the Mito Domain )
Shiro HIRAOKA ( a vassal of the Tokugawa family )
Saishu ( Shogun , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA )
Toki TOKI
Chojuro NAKANE ( a vassal of the Tokugawa family )
Magotaro UMEZAWA
Ejuro KAWAKAMI
Chikamochi MATSUDAIRA
In September 1869 , he was dismissed from confinement in the Boshin War .
After that , he was not involved in politics , but he had to live in his life , such as photographs , hunting , and so on .
In 1897 , he moved to Sugamo , Tokyo .
In the following year , he visited the Imperial Palace and had an audience with Emperor Meiji .
In 1902 , he was conferred a title of a peerage , and the head of the family was the head of the family .
In 1910 , he transferred the family estate to Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA and retired .
In 1913 , he died .
He died at the age of 77 at the age of 77 ( at the age of 76 ) .
* It is written on the day of the Tenpo calendar until 1872 .
1847
On September 1 , he inherited the Hitotsubashi family .
December 1 : He changed his name to Yoshinobu .
On the same day , he was appointed to Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) Sakone gon no chujo ( Provisional Middle Captain of the Left Division of Inner Palace Guards ) and Gyobukyo ( Minister of Justice ) .
On December 3 , 1855 , she married Kako , an adopted daughter of Tadataka ICHIJO .
He was appointed to Sangi ( councilor ) .
In 1857 , he became a candidate for the succession of Iesada TOKUGAWA .
In August 1859 , he was confined to confinement in the Ansei no Taigoku ( suppression of Ansei no Taigoku ) .
In September 1860 , he was confined to his house and confinement .
1862
On July 6 , he succeeded the Hitotsubashi family .
On the same day , he assumed the position of Shogun and assumed the position of shogun .
November : He was transferred to Gon Chunagon ( a provisional vice-councilor of state ) .
In December 1863 , he was appointed to the Imperial Court .
1864
On March 9 , he resigned from the post of Chogyo .
On March 25 , he resigned from the post of shogun .
On the same day , he was appointed to the post of the governor of the Imperial Palace , and he was appointed to the post of Kaisei-seishi ( Commander-in-Chief of the Imperial Palace ) .
In the Kinmon Incident , he took part in the battle .
1866
On July 30 , he resigned from the post of the head of the Imperial Palace .
August 20 : He succeeded to the head of the Tokugawa family .
On December 5 , he was appointed to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) and Ukone no daisho ( Major Captain of the Right Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
On the same day , he was appointed as Seii Taishogun .
1867
September : He was transferred to Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) .
Retained his position as Ukone no daisho .
On October 14 , he returned to Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) .
On December 9 , he resigned from the post of Seii Taishogun .
April 11 , 1868 : He was dismissed .
On September 28 , 1869 , he was dismissed .
On January 6 , 1872 , he returned to Jushii ( Junior Fourth Rank , Lower Grade ) .
May 18 , 1880 : He was promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) .
June 20 , 1888 : He was promoted to Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) .
On November 19 , 1897 , he moved to Tokyo .
On March 2 , 1898 , he had an audience with Emperor Meiji ( after Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) ) .
On June 3 , 1902 , he was conferred a peerage .
The head family of the Tokugawa family was allowed to establish the establishment of ' Tokugawa Yoshinobu ( a peerage ) . '
Kizokuin ( December 1910 )
1908
On April 30 , he received the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun with the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun .
On December 8 , he retired .
He died on November 22 , 1913 .
On the same day , he was awarded the Grand Cordon of the Rising Sun .
He was in charge of military arts and learning , and he was a master of swordsmanship in the environment of various martial arts , and he was a master of swordsmanship in various martial arts .
After Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , he was counted as the most famous person in swordsmanship , and he was counted among the most famous persons in swordsmanship .
It is said that , when his father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , died , when his father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , died , he made a tonsure to make a sword in order to make a sword , but it is said that he had a sword to make a tonsure ( a sword with a sword ) , which was a threat .
On the other hand , there is an anecdote that the assassination of the assassination was made by the three people , such as the assassination of the assassination of the assassination of the assassination of the assassination .
Although it is said that the photograph of Yoshinobu was his childhood , but it is doubtful whether he was a child of Yoshinobu , but it is doubtful whether he was a child of Yoshinobu .
It is said that when Iemochi visited his illness , he visited him at that time .
He was known for his real father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , and his real father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , praised Yoshinobu as ' the head of the Tokugawa family , ' and he was praised as the shogun to become shogun , and he was praised as the shogun to take the position of shogun to the shogun , saying ' Ieyasu TOKUGAWA 's rebirth . '
Yoshinobu , who was also known for the overthrowing of the Shogunate , was also known for the overthrowing of the Shogunate , and Takayoshi KIDO of the Choshu Domain was not known .
He was in charge of the reclamation of Ieyasu .
Ryoma SAKAMOTO and Ryoma SAKAMOTO visited the decision of Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) .
They are not able to pay it , but they are not able to pay it .
He received the evaluation of his life , saying , ' I will give him to the position of Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) of the new government , ' and he tried to give him the position of Chancellor of the new government .
However , it was from the Meiji period to the Meiji period ( after the death of Ryoma , after the death of Ryoma ) .
Although it was not limited to Yoshinobu , the name of Ryoma 's name was very low than that after the Meiji Restoration .
In the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , he was defeated in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , and he was criticized by the enemy and the enemy of the enemy .
At this time , there were some people who were forbidden by Ieyasu , who had been forbidden , but they could not forget their favorite mistresses .
However , there is a theory that it was necessary to prevent the military force in Edo and Musashi Province , and when Yoshinobu became the enemy of the Imperial Court , he was able to defend the Osaka-jo Castle because Yoshinobu was the enemy of the Imperial Court , and therefore , there was no need to prevent foreign countries to prevent foreign countries .
Since the new government was considered to be the enemy of the new government , it is evaluated that the Emperor and the Imperial Court were highly regarded as a person who had been confined in Kanei-ji Temple , and in the Kanei-ji Temple , he was considered to be a person who was a person who had been involved in the Imperial Court and the Imperial Court , however , he was also said to have been the lord of the Imperial Court , and therefore , he was also said to be the lord of his lord .
It is highly evaluated that the independence of the government was to be transferred to the Meiji Restoration due to the fact that he was forced to move to the government due to his discretion of discretion , and he was able to transfer the government to the Meiji Restoration .
Eichi SHIBUSAWA , a businessman , was a vassal of the Tokugawa family , and after the Meiji Restoration , he had a close relationship with the Meiji Restoration .
In his later years , Shibuzawa tried to prove Yoshinobu 's biography , saying , ' I persuaded Yoshinobu , ' and he established ' Yakuyukai ' ( Yume Association ) .
It is written in " The Tale of Ancient Matters . "
It is written in the style of a part of a part of the story , and it can be seen in the old age of Yoshinobu 's old age .
It is said that he was good at the time when he was at the age of age , and he was very good at that time , saying , ' Hisamitsu SHIMAZU was not very good , ' and ' Naomasa NABESHIMA was a person who was not good . '
These materials were completed after Yoshinobu 's death .
In order to show respect to the Emperor Meiji , who was considered to be the enemy of the Imperial Court , Yoshinobu ordered him to show respect to the Emperor Meiji , who was the highest rank for the peerage , and he told him to be a Shinto ritual .
For this reason , the grave of Yoshinobu was not a graveyard of the Tokugawa family of the Tokugawa family , which was also a graveyard of the Tokugawa family of the Tokugawa family , and a large keyhole-shaped tomb mound was built in the vicinity of the Kanei-ji Temple .
This was because the Imperial mausoleum of Emperor Komei was a complaint , and it was because the Imperial mausoleum of the Emperor Komei .
After he was pardoned , he spent his life to give his life to the former retainers of the former Shogunate , Shizuka ITAKURA , who had been alive , saying , ' I will reregain his action with Yoshinobu . '
Although there was an image of ' the enemy ' in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , there was a lot of people who tried to establish a new political system after Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , and in addition to the broadcasting of the new political system after the Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) ( NHK Taiga Drama ) , it was reevaluated .
His father , Nariaki , was a good food , and the pork of the Satsuma Domain was called ' bubu ' ( pork ) .
In addition , in his later years , he was interested in Western culture , and he also worked for the interests such as a photographs and camphin , and he was also involved in a photograph of the French language , such as the photographs , a camphor , a camphor , a camphor , and a gentle , and he was also able to learn French .
It is famous as a Mramman , but it seems that the technique of studio was not promoted .
It is said that he was often introduced in photograph magazine , but it is said that he was not adopted .
In addition , the photographs of the great-grandchild , Yoshiyuki TOKUGAWA , was a Mramman Mramman , and the photographs was found by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , and the photographs were found in the possession of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
His real younger brother , Akitake TOKUGAWA , was his younger brother .
On December 3 , 1859 , she married Kako ICHIJO ( later changed his name to Kako ) .
The eldest daughter ( the daughter of Emperor Kaninin ) was born on July 16 , 1858 , but died young on July 20 .
After that , the child was born between Mimasaka and the eleventh daughter , who was born in the Meiji period , was a daughter who had been born in the Meiji period .
There were nine daughters , the seventh son , Yoshihisa , who succeeded to the position of Kin ( a title given to the Emperor ) , and his fifth son , Yoshihisa , who was a son-in-law of Kaishu KATSU , who was the husband of Kaishu KATSU .
In addition , Yoshihisa 's son , Yoshihisa , was the wife of Imperial Prince Nobuhito , the wife of the Imperial Prince Nobuhito , the wife of Takamatsu no Miya Imperial Prince Nobuhito .
His lawful wife ( changed his name to Kako ) ( after the Meiji Restoration ) ( after the Meiji Restoration ) , he changed his name to Kako ( the daughter of Kinhisa IMADEGAWA and the adopted daughter of Tadataka ICHIJO , the adopted daughter of Tadaka ICHIJO , the adopted daughter of Tadaka ICHIJO ) .
His concubine : Shinobu NISHIMURA ( a daughter of Masataka MATSUDAIRA , a daughter of Masataka MATSUDAIRA , died on February 8 , 1905 ) .
The first son : Keiji ( June 29 , 1871 - May 22 , 1872 )
The eldest daughter : Kagiko ( married on March 23 , 1887 , wife of Takatsu TOKUGAWA , and June 2 , 1873 - September 29 , 26 )
3 : Tekko ( December 30 , 1890 - December 10 , 1910 )
fifth son : Chikahiro IKEDA ( adopted by Teruko IKEDA , August 25 , 1877 - January 1 , 1948 )
sixth son : Narinari ( August 17 , 1878 - November 28 , 1878 )
The sixth daughter : Yoshiko ( August 24 , 1880 - September 29 , 1880 )
9 : Tsuneko ( January 9 , 1897 - August 18 , 1939 )
The seventh son : Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA ( September 2 , 1884 - January 22 , 1911 )
11 : Hideko ( April 29 , 1911 - July 5 , 1913 )
The tenth son : Masakiyo ( January 20 , 1899 - July 10 , 1918 ) was a son-in-law of the Kaishu KATSU ( a son of Kaishu KATSU ) .
His concubine : Kinyuki NAKANE ( the eldest daughter of Yoshizaburo NAKANE , died on December 29 , 1915 )
Second son : Zenji ( September 8 , 1871 - March 10 , 1872 )
Third son : Takuma ( October 5 , 1872 - July 5 , 1873 )
fourth son : Shigehiro TOKUGAWA ( February 21 , 1874 - June 12 , 1930 )
second daughter : Kinshi ( April 3 , 1875 - July 22 , 1875 )
fourth daughter : Shoshi ( December 26 , 1895 to November 30 , 1907 ) , the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA , the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA , the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA , to November 30 , 1907 .
The fifth daughter : Shoko ( August 17 , 1878 - October 8 , 1878 )
The seventh daughter : Shishi ( married on December 7 , 1895 ) , the wife of Narifuji MATSUDAIRA , the wife of Narifuji MATSUDAIRA , and on September 13 , 1896 .
The eighth daughter : Kuniko ( May 7 , 1901 to September 11 , 1942 )
The tenth daughter : Itoko ( the wife of Takachika SHIJO , married in May 19 , 1919 to October 11 , 28 )
The death of a boy ( died on August 22 , 1884 )
eighth son : Nei ( September 22 , 1885 - July 2 , 1886 )
The ninth son : Tokugawa ( October 31 , 1887 - November 11 , 43 )
The death of the death of a woman ( died on June 2 , 1891 )
His concubine : Yoshio ( a daughter of Tatsugoro NITTA )
Passenger
" The last Shogun - Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA " ( Ryotaro SHIBA )
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA "
Film
" Mibu Ryoshi den " ( 2003 ) : Established by Hiroaki ITO .
Paintings
" Ryujin Yukyu " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1968 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" O-oku ( Television Television ) , 1968 , " ( 1968 ) , " Television Television " ( 1968 )
" Kaishu Kaishu ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 1974 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Hanagami ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 1977 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Ryoma Yu Yu Yu Yu Yu " ( 1982 ) ( 1982 , TV Tokyo Shintoichi Geki ( dramatic narrative drama ) ( 1982 )
" O-oku " ( Television Television ) , 1983 , and " Television Television " ( 1983 )
" Shirate-tai ( Japanese TV drama drama ) " ( 1986 ) ( NHK Television Television Television )
" Hana no Ii Tairo " ( The Illustrated Eight of the Present ) , " Sakurada-mon Gate " ( 1988 , TV Tokyo )
" Goryokaku ( TV drama ) " ( 1988 ) ( 1988 )
" Shojo Yunyo " ( 1990 , NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1990 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Kaishu Kaishu ( Television drama ) " ( 1990 ) ( 1990 , the TV program of Japanese TV drama )
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 1998 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" O-oku ( Television Television ) 2003 " ( 2003 ) , production and works ( in 2003 , Television Television , Television Television )
" Also , it is also dictionally written by the name of the Bugyo ( magistrate ) of the Edo period , " Okuri no Nosuke , " ( 2003 ) , and " Tetsutetsu OGURI " ( 2003 ) , and " Tetsutetsu TOMA " ( 2003 )
" Shinsengumi ! ! " ( 2004 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Atsuhime ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 2008 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Yume Yai Shoki " ( The Record of Yume Yume )
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu Ken " ( Eisichi SHIBUSAWA )
" Meiji - Tokugawa Yoshinobu " ( Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ) , the Asahi Shimbun Co . , Ltd . , ISBN 40225555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555
Notes
The Nara Line ( Kyoto Prefecture ) is a railway line of West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) which runs from Kizu Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) from Kizugawa City , Kyoto Prefecture ( Kyoto Prefecture ) to Kyoto Station , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The entire line is included in the suburban area of the city .
As a branch line of the Kansai Main Line , the line of the line is located at Kizu Station , but the trains bound for Kizu Station to Kizu Station ( the number of train numbers ) , which are operated by the trains ( the number of trains ) are used .
The following lines are available from Kyoto from Kyoto to Kizu .
It is said that the color of the color is the color of the color of the color , and it is said that the reason for the selection is ' the image of the old capital . '
jurisdiction : West Japan Railway Company ( railway business )
The distance distance ( kilometers ) : 434 km
Track line : 1067mm
Number of stations : 19 ( including the end of the station )
The track section : The section between Nitta and Uji , and JR Fujimori - Kyoto
Electrified section : The entire line ( 1500V )
Block ( railway ) : Automatic block system ( a track section ) , a single track system ( a single track )
Passenger equipment : automatic train train .
The Committee : Shin-Osaka General Committee
The highest speed speed : 110km / h ( track section ) : 95 km / h ( track section )
The Kyoto Branch of the West Japan Railway Company ( Kizu Station ) is under the control of the West Japan Railway Company ( Kizu Station ) , which is operated by the West Japan Railway Company .
The line between Kyoto Station and Kizu Station is called the Nara Line , but the entire section is located in Kyoto Prefecture , and there is no route in Nara Prefecture .
This is due to the fact that the Nara Railway was constructed by the Nara Railway , and after the Kansai Railway was merged into the Kansai Railway , the section between Osaka and Nagoya was separated from Osaka to Nagoya .
However , trains run from Kizu Station to the Kansai Main Line ( Yamatoji Line ) and Nara Station , Nara Prefecture .
In March 13 , 1988 , JR West ( JR Kyoto Line and JR Kobe Line ) was established , but the Nara Line was sent to the Nara Line .
Because the Kintetsu Nara Line is operated by Kintetsu Nara Line , it is sometimes called ' JR Nara Line . '
In Japan National Railways ( Japan National Railways ) , it was designated as ' National Railways Nara Line , ' and the English name of the announcement was added .
The Kintetsu Nara Line is a relationship between Naniwa and Nara , and the JR Nara Line is the line of the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
The Keihan Uji Line and Kintetsu Kyoto Line had been operated by many trains , but the Nara Line was not electrified by the JNR / JR Limited Express Series 105 ; however , the Nara Line was not only a small line of the JNR / JR Limited Express Series 105 , but the line of JNR / JR Limited Express Series 105 was only a small line .
However , when JR West was inaugurated , the trains of the trains were incorporated into four cars ( some trains were set up ) , and the number of trains began to increase the trains of trains , including four cars of trains , and the rapid trains such as ' Miyakoji Rapid Service ' and ' Miyako Rapid Service ' were also improved .
At present , there is a strong sense of nature , such as the Byodo-in Temple in Uji City , which is located along the line , and the area of Kyoto Prefecture and the southern part of Kyoto Prefecture .
However , in the section between Momoyama Station and Nitta Station , there is a difference between the section between Momoyama and Nitta , and the section south of the Joyo and the local transportation has a difference between the Kyoto Line and the Kyoto Line .
The JR Nara Line is used for the Nara Train Line of Osaka Branch , but the station facilities are managed by the Kyoto branch of the Kyoto branch .
The Suica , ICOCA , and East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) , the Suica of the East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) , can be used in all stations , and the PiTaPa card can be used .
In the south of Joyo Station , there is a simple ticket gate and a simple ticket gate .
From 1984 to Wakayama Station and the Sakurai Line , the trains operated by the Nara Line , the Sakurai Line and Wakayama Line , were operated by local trains , but the limited express trains were operated by local trains , and the limited express trains were operated by local trains , such as the limited express trains , rapid trains , rapid trains , and local trains , and the limited express trains were operated by local trains .
It is operated in the daytime in the Nara Line , which is operated between the daytime .
Basically , the trains are operated at the station of 30 minutes , and the local trains are operated at Uji Station .
The nickname ' Miyako Rapid Service ' was decided by the public public .
As a result of the tourist tourist , many Japanese tourists use many tourist tourists from Japan .
The cars are operated by JR West 221 series cars , and four cars are operated with four cars and six cars .
The highest speed of the track section is operated at 110km / h , and other than 95 km / h , it is a speed of 95 km / h .
The standard level of the standard is approximately 44 minutes , and the Kyoto Kyoto Station is about 47 minutes , and the Kyoto Kyoto Station is about 47 minutes .
There is a little difference between the trains bound for Kyoto for Kyoto for Kyoto Station and Tanakura Station or Tanakura Station , and it has a little difference between the trains bound for Nara , and a little difference between the trains bound for Nara .
On the third day of the New Year 's Day , a special stop at Inari Station is a temporary stop on Fushimi Inari .
History
March 3 , 2001 : The operation started .
March 15 , 2003 : The station began to stop at Tofuku-ji Station , Tamizu Station , and Tamizu Station .
It is operated during the morning and evening rush hours .
The station stops at the JR Ogura Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) , which is operated by the JR Ogura Station , which is operated by the JR Ogura Line .
The cars are operated on 221 cars , and four cars are operated with four cars and six cars .
Basically , the trains are operated at the station of 30 minutes , and the local trains are operated at Uji Station .
In addition to the above , the Yamatoji Rapid Service is located in the same way as the Yamatoji Rapid Service , as well as the Yamatoji Rapid train .
In March 2001 , ' Miyakoji Rapid Service ' was used in the section between Kyoto and Uji , and the section between Kizu and Joyo , and the train was used in the Nara Line , but it was not used in the Nara Line , but it was not used in the Nara Line .
In the morning and evening , there is a train running through the Yamatoji Line .
It is operated between the morning and night .
At first , only on weekdays was only on weekdays , but since March 18 , 2006 , the timetable was also operated on Saturdays and holidays .
In the section between Uji and Nara , there is a rapid train bound for Uji Station , but there is a rapid train bound for Uji Station to the direction of the section between Uji Station and the trains bound for Kizu Station , but now the train is changed to the timetable schedule .
There are only 221 series cars that are operated on the Saturday and holidays , and all of them are operated by the JNR / JR Limited Express Series 103 .
During the morning rush hour , trains run directly from the Yamatoji Line from the Yamatoji Line .
The rapid train of the Nara Line was used as a rapid train for the Yamatoji Rapid Service Rapid Service , and it was used as the same color as ' Miyako Rapid Service , ' but in March 2008 , due to the timetable revision of March 2008 , the timetable was used as the same color as the color of the train , but the timetable of the timetable was not used for the timetable revision in March 2008 .
It is described in the section between Kamikoma Station and north of the station .
It is operated between Kyoto and Uji , Joyo , and Nara .
During the daytime , the section between Kyoto Station and Joyo Station was operated between Kyoto and Joyo , but the Joyo and Kizu section became approximately 30 minutes .
The cars are basically operated in 103 cars , but some trains are operated by 221 cars .
There are some trains running on the Yamatoji Line to the early morning and midnight .
There was a direct train between Sakurai Line and the Sakurai Line on September 4 , 1994 , and the Nara Line and Sakurai Line were divided .
There is a limited express train in the Nara Line , but the limited express trains were operated on the Nara Line .
From 1987 to 1988 , it was operated by the Kansai Main Line , the Kansai Main Line and the Hanwa Line to the Kansai Main Line and the Hanwa Line , which was operated between Kyoto and Shirahama Station from 1988 to 1989 , and the Kansai Main Line and the Hanwa Line .
In January 6 , 1998 , the announcement of a limited express train was operated by the Nara Line ( as a regular train ) in the Nara Line ( as a regular train ) , but the plan was suspended , but the plan was suspended .
Although it was operated by Kyoto and Sakurai between Kyoto and Sakurai ( between Kyoto and Nara ) , the direct trains of the Sakurai Line were not operated by the Sakurai Line .
In the middle of August , the Uji-gawa River , which was held at Uji Station , was held at the end of the Uji-gawa River , but the timetable was limited to the last time , and the train was operated only about 10 minutes , and all trains were operated between Kyoto and Uji and between Kyoto and Uji , and the train was operated only about 10 minutes .
There are some local trains that arrive at Kizu Station .
On the first day of the New Year 's New Year 's New Year , the first day of the New Year 's New Year 's Day , the rapid trains stop at each station of Kyoto Station and Uji Station , and in addition to the number of rapid trains to Uji , the number of trains was operated .
In the year , the station was operated by the station of Momoyama Station .
In 1992 , a direct train to the Sakurai Line was extended to the Sakurai Line , and one hour was operated between Tenri Station and 1 hour to Tenri Station .
In addition , it is sometimes operated by the Japan across Japan .
In particular , in the Tenri Daisai Festival ( the Great Festival of Tenri ) on October 26 , Kyoto Station , the trains that run through Tenri Station from Kyoto Station to Kizu Station and the Sakurai Line from Kyoto Station to the Nara Line , and the Sakurai Line to the Sakurai Line .
It is a member of the Nara Electric Railway .
JR West 221 series
There are two types of the Yamatoji Line and the Osaka Loop Line , and two cars , four cars , and six cars .
It is mainly operated by four cars of ' Miyako Rapid Service ' and ' Rapid Service , ' but the Nara Line is mainly used mainly in the Nara Line , but in the Nara Line .
The train has two cars and two cars , and the timetable is scheduled .
JNR / JR Series 103
Platform 103 , which is used for local trains on the Nara Line , is not only operated by the Nara Line , but it is also operated by the Osaka Loop Line and the Yamatoji Line in the Osaka Loop Line , and the local trains in the Osaka Loop Line and the Yamatoji Line are also operated .
Some cars were replaced by the Osaka Loop Line , which was transferred to the Osaka Loop Line .
The section between Kyoto Station and Kizu Station between Kyoto Station and Nara Station was opened , but the route between Kyoto and Momozama Station was the present Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
On the same day , in 1921 , the line between Kyoto and Inari Station was replaced by the Tokaido Main Line , which was operated by the Tokaido Main Line and the Higashiyama Tunnel via the Higashiyama Tunnel , and the line between Kyoto and Fushimi became the Nara Line , and the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was abolished and between Fushimi Station and Momoyama Station was discontinued .
Later , the former site of the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was transferred to Nara Electric Railway , which was the predecessor of the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
August 18 , 1879 : The section between Kyoto and Inari Station ( later Tokaido Main Line ) was opened as the section between Kyoto Station and Otani Station ( Shiga Prefecture ) .
Inari Station opened .
September 5 , 1895 : The section between Kyoto Station and Fushimi Station was opened by the Nara Electric Railway ( 3 ) , and the section between Kyoto Station and Fushimi Station was opened .
Fushimi Station opened .
Kyoto Station is operated by the government .
November 3 : The section between Fushimi and Momozama ( 19C  2.19 km ) was extended .
Momoyama Station opened .
January 25 , 1896 : The section between Momoyama Station and Tamamizu Station ( 1246  2.24 km ) was extended .
Kibata Station , Uji Station , Nitta Station , Tamizu Station and Tamizu Station opened .
March 13 : The Tamizu Station - Kizu section ( 45C  7.44 km ) was extended .
Tanakura Station and Kizu Station opened .
April 18 : The section between Kizu and Nara was extended to the section between Kyoto and Nara .
April 21 : To-ji Station opened .
April 1 , 1897 : The station was renamed as Shichijo Station .
May 3 , 1902 : Kamikoma Station opened .
November 12 : The unit of distance distance was simplified and simplified ( 224C = > 27.6M ) .
February 7 , 1905 : Nara Railway was transferred to Kansai Railway .
October 1 , 1907 : Kansai Railway Company was nationalized .
August 1 , 1908 : Shichijo Station was integrated into Kyoto Station .
October 12 , 1909 : The line between Kizu and Kyoto was established and the Nara Line was the Nara Line .
December 19 , 1910 : Uji-gawa signal station was established between Uji and Kibata .
June 20 , 1913 : Hachijo signal station was established between Fushimi and Kyoto .
November 5 : The Uji-gawa River was abolished .
August 15 , 1914 : Hachijo signal station was abolished .
March 20 , 1921 : The Uji-gawa River was established between Uji and Kibata .
August 1 : The section between Kyoto Station and Fushimi Station ( 3.3 M  5.31 km ) was abolished .
The passenger service between Fushimi and Momoyama ( 1.1 M  1.77 km ) was abolished .
The Kyoto Station and Inari section ( 1.8 M  2.90 km ) was incorporated into the Nara Line .
Inari - Momoyama section ( 2.6 M  4.18 km ) was opened .
April 1 , 1922 : The Uji-gawa River was changed to Uji-gawa River signal station .
February 13 , 1926 : Aoya-Baibayashi Station opened .
April 1 : The Uji-gawa River was abolished .
September 3 , 1928 : The line between Momoyama Station and Fushimi Station was discontinued .
Fushimi Station was abolished .
April 1 , 1930 : The unit of distance distance was changed from the Maria to the meters ( 21.6M to 434 ) .
December 1 , 1933 : The station was upgraded to Aoya-bayashi Station and was upgraded to Oyatani Station .
July 15 , 1955 : The Yamaga Station commenced operation .
December 27 , 1957 : Tofuku-ji Station commenced operation .
July 11 , 1958 : Joyo Station opened .
April 21 , 1961 : Obaku Station opened .
March 2 , 1982 : The operation of the train service was started .
October 1 , 1984 : The section between Kyoto and Kizu ( between Kyoto and Nara ) was electrified .
The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 105 was operated by the JNR / JR Limited Express Series 113 .
The express train was abolished ( via Kyoto Station and Wakayama Line , the Sakurai Line , the Sakurai Line , and the Sakurai Line ) .
April 1 , 1987 : Due to the division and privatization of JNR , the West Japan Railway Company succeeded to the West Japan Railway Company .
The Japan Freight Railway Company became a railway company .
March 16 , 1991 : Rapid trains operated by the 117 series started .
October 22 , 1992 : Rokujizo Station opened .
The Joyo Station became a rapid train station .
September 4 , 1994 : The 105 series cars were withdrew .
( It is operated by the Sakurai Line and the Wakayama Line . )
March 8 , 1997 : JR Fujimori Station opened .
May 10 , 1999 : Rokujizo Station became a stop station .
March 3 , 2001 : The section between Kyoto Station and JR Fujima Station became a double-track section .
JR Ogura Station commenced operation .
The operation of ' Miyako Rapid Service ' was started by the rapid train and 221 series cars .
October 1 : The Tofuku-ji Temple Station became a rapid train and rapid trains .
March 15 , 2003 : Tofukuji Station and Tamizu Station became a stop station , and Tamizu Station became a stop station .
April 1 : The second railway line of Japan Freight Railway was abolished .
April 23 , 2008 : The train was introduced in the Yamashiro Aoyani Station and Kizu section .
April 27 : The ATS system was introduced in ATS and Yamashiro-Yotani Station .
April 30 : The ATS system was introduced between Kyoto and Obaku .
The JR Fujimori Station and Uji Station between the station and the station of the station has been located on the basis of an examination , but there are no concrete concrete details .
In addition , the Keihan Uji Line , which is operated by the JR Fujimori Station - Momoyama Station , is difficult to secure the area along the Keihan Uji Line ( near Obaku Station ) and the Keihan Uji Line ( near Obaku Station ) .
Because of the shortage of the budget , it is the lowest of the Sagano Line ( the Sanin Main Line - Sonobe Station ) , which is the highest level of the line , and the line is operated by the Sagano Line ( the Sanin Main Line - Sonobe Station ) .
In the Kinki Region Committee , a plan to run directly from the Tokaido Main Line ( JR Kyoto Line ) and the direct operation of the Tokaido Main Line ( in the midnight of the New Year 's Eve ) was also investigated .
Uji City is planned to build a new station between Obaku Station and Uji Station .
The Nakatsukasa Station is located at Rokujizo Station and Uji Station ( JR West ) , and there is no station .
It is a business station of Kyoto Station in parallel .
Kyoto Station ( 0.00 km ) - Hachijo Temporary Station ( 0.80 km ) - - Fushimi Station ( 5.3km ) - Fushimi Station ( 5.3km ) - - Momoyama Station ( 7.3km )
It is a business station of Kyoto Station in parallel .
Uji-gawa River Signal Station - Obaku - Uji section ( approximately 13.8 km )
Keiji Bypass is a highway road that runs from Kusatsu City , Shiga Prefecture to Kumiyama-cho , Kuse-gun , Shiga Prefecture to Kumiyama-cho , Kuse-gun , Shiga Prefecture .
It is designated as a plan for the local governments .
In the following , the Keiji Bypass , the Keiji Bypass , is described as follows : the Keiji Bypass of National Route 1 , National Route 24 , and National Route 24 .
It has been integrated into the Meishin Expressway and the city of the city of Otsu City and the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of Otsu City and the Osaka City area , and the Osaka City and the Osaka City area .
According to the law , the section between Seta Higashi Interchange and Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange is National Highway 1 , National Route 478 , and Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange , Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange , Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki Junction ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki JCT / Kumiyama Interchange ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki Junction ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki Junction ( National Highway Route ) .
As a result of the plan , the route between Kyoto and Kyoto City , which was the National Highway Route No. 9 and Kyoto City , was built , and the Kyoto National Route 9 and Kyoto Bypass , which had the functions of the National Route 9 , was built , and the Kyoto National Route No. 9 .
The Kyoto Jukan Expressway and the Kyoto Second Loop Expressway are designated as National Route 478 , and it has been continued .
According to the card , the use of the train is used to be used for passengers , and the Keiji Bypass is considered to be the Keiji Bypass , and the Keiji Bypass ( Keiji Bypass ) .
In addition , there is no difference between the Meishin Expressway and Keiji Bypass , and there is no difference between the fare and ETC system .
In this case , it is described as the name of Keiji Bypass ( Seta Higashi Interchange ) , as the name of the business business , and the name of the Keiji Bypass ( the Oyamazaki Junction ) .
Seigetsu-machi , Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
The total length is 18.9 km
Trains of four cars
The maximum speed of 80 kilometers
It was completed on August 15 , 2050 .
Shiga Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Uji City - Kumiyama Town , Kuze County - Yawata City - Otokuni-gun - Otokuni-gun
National Route 1 , Kyoji Bypass Interchange - Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange
National Route 478 : Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange - Oyamazaki Junction - Oyamazaki Junction
Chuo Expressway : The name of the National Highway Expressway : The section of the National Highway Expressway - Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange - Kumiyama Yodo Interchange
The number of the number of the IC number is the section of the road , and the road is used for transportation .
In addition , the facilities of the facilities are not used for facilities .
The name of the line is not a special example of the city , municipalities .
West Japan Expressway Company , Kansai Expressway , Ibaraki Station , Ibaraki Station
( The section between Ibaraki Station and the Kyoto Higashi Interchange of the Meishin Expressway ) is located in the section between the Meishin Expressway and the Suita JCT , the second Keihan Road , and the Keinawa Expressway .
August 29 , 1988 : The Seta Interchange , JCT - Ogura Interchange opened .
March 30 , 2003 : Ogura-do Interchange - Kumiyama Junction opened .
As a result , it is unified as a high-speed railway system in Japan .
August 10 , 2003 : The section between Kumiyama Junction - Oyamazaki JCT was opened .
December 24 , 2003 : Oyamazaki Interchange opened .
Fiscal year 2005 : The weekdays of the weekdays and the weekdays of 24 hours in the weekdays .
Oyamazaki Interchange / JCT - Kumiyama-Yodo - Kumiyama-Yodo Station
The Uji Tunnel is the most longest among the National Highway Route No. 1 , and the tunnel of the Tunnel is prohibited from the section between the Uji Interchange and Kasatori Interchange , and the line of the train is prohibited .
In the vicinity of Mt . Kumiyama , the film " Dai Daisai-sama " ( The Picture of Dance ) was performed by the film " Dai Daisai-sama " ( The Pillow of the Dance of Dance ) , which was opened .
In the Seta Higashi Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange , JCT and the JCCT , the trains bound for Keiji Bypass via Keiji Bypass is short , and the trains bound for Keiji Bypass via Keiji Bypass is short , and the trains bound for Keiji Bypass via Keiji Bypass .
Because there are no facilities for passengers , there are many facilities such as the Meishin Expressway ( the Seta Higashi - Oyamazaki Station ) , which is often confused with the Meishin Expressway , and there are two offices of the Meishin Expressway , which are operated by the Otsu Service and the Katsura-gawa River . )
However , it is the structure of the Sando-Higashi and Oyamazaki-ryo JCT ( especially , the structure of Oyamazaki JCT ) is a structure of a single god ( especially known as Oyamazaki Junction ) .
There is a conclusion that there is a conclusion that the route of the route to the route between the Suita and Osaka area to Suita and Osaka to Osaka and Osaka .
On the way , there are few people who do not function as a bypass of the highway Expressway , because there are few people who do not have a trend .
This road is an automated road that is located on National Route 1 ( National Highway Route 1 ) , and it is not an automatic car .
In the direction of the Uji-gawa River , the Keiji Bypass in the Uji-gawa River and Osaka Station is not available for the Keiji Bypass in Uji .
The Uji Higashi Interchange is a IC Interchange .
For this reason , the section between the Uji Interchange and the Uji Interchange of the Uji Higashi Interchange is often traffic .
In this section , the section of the road is not a complicated section , so it is not difficult to avoid diseases .
Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture - Kumiyama-cho , Kuze County ( the end )
Refer to the section on the south of Kumiyama-cho , the second outer section of Kyoto .
The upper side is the end of the end , and the end is the end of the end .
On the left side , the right side is placed on the right side .
Fiscal year 2005 : The weekdays of the weekdays and the weekdays of 24 hours in the weekdays .
Yosagura , Tsu City , 13,137
Akiyama-cho , Kuze County , 35,493
The National Highway Bureau of Land , Transport and National Highway Co . , Ltd . ( Shiga Prefecture )
The Kyoto National Highway Co . , Ltd . ( National Route 24 , Kyoto Prefecture , Kyoto Prefecture ) , Kyoto National Highway Co . , Ltd .
The Kyoto National Highway Co . , Ltd . ( National Route 478 ) , the Kyoto National Highway Co . , Ltd .
Higashi Hongan-ji Temple is a Buddhist temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) located in Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture .
It is the head temple of the Jodo Shinshu sect , which is the head temple of the Otani school of the Shinshu sect ( Shinshu sect ) , and is the head temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , along with Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ( the head temple of the Hongan-ji school of Hongan-ji Temple ) .
His formal name was ' Hongan-ji Temple ' in 1987 , and after the same year , it was called ' Shinshu Honbyo . '
In order to distinguish it from Nishi Hongan-ji Temple in Shimogyo Ward , it is often called ' Higashi san . '
( For details about the history of Hongan-ji Temple , refer to the history of Hongan-ji Temple . )
The twelfth head priest of Hongan-ji Temple ( Koju ) was given the territory of Hongan-ji Temple by Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , and in 1602 when Hongan-ji Temple was divided into two groups , Noriyuki opened .
The temple was located in Shichijo Shichijo , Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , and it came to be called Higashi Hongan-ji Temple to the east of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple .
In 1987 , Hongan-ji Temple was dissolved as a religious corporation of the Otani school , and the religious corporation was established as a religious corporation .
After that , the official name of Higashi Hongan-ji Temple was the official name of the ' Shinshu Honbyo ' ( the teachings of the founder of the sect ) , and it became the ' Hando-dojo ' ( the teachings of Shinran 's teachings ) , and it became the ' Hagorage ' ( the teachings of Shinran 's teachings ) .
It is also referred to as the Hongan-ji school of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , which is distinguished from the Hongan-ji school of the Jodo Shinshu sect .
Oto ( east )
In the Edo period , there was a fire in the Edo period , and there was a lot of many buildings of the existing buildings , such as the ' fire of Hongan-ji Temple ' from the fire of the fire , and many of the existing buildings were rebuilt in the Meiji period , but the construction of buildings and wall paintings were built in the Meiji period .
The Goei-do hall enshrining Shinran Shonin is the largest wooden architecture of the world ( the construction of the protection of the roof ) .
Also , the Miyodo gate is one of Sanmon Sanmon gate ( Sanmon gate ) .
It is owned by Shinran Shinseki ( a national treasure ) ( National Treasure ) , which is owned by Shinran .
The subsidiary of the land area of the land area is a scenic beauty in the country .
The current head priest is Koaki OTANI ( Joyo ) .
National Treasure
Important Cultural Property
From Gojo Station of Kyoto City Subway ( Kyoto Municipal Subway )
University
Otani University
Kyoto Kogyo Women 's University
Osaka University
Aritomo University
Nagoya style art University
Nagoya University
Aichi University
Aichi Shinjo University
The former High School of the Former High School is a former higher school , which is the predecessor of Kyoto University .
Its abbreviated name is ' Sanka . '
The first head of the school was Hikichi KURITA .
In 1869 , he was established in Osaka .
The name was changed .
1870 : The Chemical Office = > Kaisei = > Kaisei = >
1872 : The first school of the University of Education , the First Chapter of the University of Education
1873 : The first school of the third university , Changaku = > Kaimei Gakko
In 1874 , Osaka Gakko Gakko ( Osaka School of Foreign Studies ) - > Osaka English School
In 1879 , he was appointed as Osaka Gakko .
1880 : Osaka Junior High School .
In 1885 , the University of Education was established in 1886 , and the Third High School was established in 1886 .
In 1887 , he was appointed as the Third High School of Medical School of Medical School of Medicine , Okayama Prefecture ( Eishiro City , Okayama Prefecture ) .
The main course was inaugurated by the Department of Education .
1889 : It was relocated to Kamigyo Ward , Osaka City ( present-day Chuo Ward , Osaka City ) to Kamigyo Ward , Kyoto City ( present Sakyo Ward ) .
In addition to the former Faculty of Medicine , the Faculty of Law was established .
In 1893 , he was promoted to the Third High School of the Third High School .
The course of the course of course ( education for education ) was abolished , and the regular course was abolished .
It was established in the Faculty of Engineering .
The establishment of the Kyoto Imperial University ( 1897 ) was established in the University of Education ( the revival of education to the university ) .
He was abolished in the Faculty of Law ( officially issued in 1901 ) .
The Faculty of Medicine ( 1901 ) was in Okayama University .
In 1949 , the former Kyoto University of Kyoto University ( Kyoto Imperial University ) , Kyoto University , and Kyoto University of Kyoto University were integrated into Kyoto University of Kyoto University .
In 1950 , the last graduation graduates from the Third High School was officially abolished .
1954 : The school changed its name to Kyobu .
In 1991 , the Faculty of Environment was established in the Faculty of Environment and the Graduate School of Environment .
1992 : The Faculty of Letters was reorganized into the Faculty of Letters .
The school was abolished .
2003 : Graduate School of Letters and Environmental Studies were integrated .
Refer to the school system .
Amaterasu Omikami is a god ( Shinto god ) in Japanese mythology .
In " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , ' Tensho ' is referred to as ' Ama , ' and is called ' Ama . '
It is considered that the god of the sun is the god of the sun and is considered to be one of the ancestors of the Imperial Family .
In " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , it is written as Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) and " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
He was also known as Ohiurume no kami .
According to " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , there are several names of gods in " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) .
There is a theory that he was a female god , but it is also said that he was a male god .
Since the name of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is also used in politics such as " Kotaijingu Gishicho " ( a list of shrines in the Heian period ) , it was originally used in such a political part , such as " Kotaijingu Gishicho " ( a list of shrines in the Heian period ) and Toshinosuke NISHIJO , but it is also said that it was originally the god of Takamimusubi , and it was originally the god of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
In the Ise-jingu Shrine , it is also called Amatamesususume no Okami , or the god of the shrine , and when the shrine is held , it is also called Amatamesususumatsusumatsuhiko .
At present , it is now called ' Amaterasu , ' which is now a historical document .
There is also a theory that it was written in ancient times .
Description in mythology
According to " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , Izanagi returned from Yomi , Izanagi , who was born in Yomi , and he was born when he washed his left hand .
He was called Susanoo , who was born from the right to the right , and was called Sankiko .
At that time , Izanagi ordered Amaterasu Omikami to rule Takamanohara .
Susanoo , who was entrusted to the sea , was banished by Izanagi , and he was banished by Izanagi .
Susanoo went to the country , but she was in Takamanohara , where his older sister , Amaterasu Omikami , went to Takamanohara , but Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was a younger brother of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
In order to prove the purification of Susanoo , the god of the three pillars of the three pillars of Amaterasu Omikami , Susanoo , and Susanoo were born , and Susanoo was born .
It was born from the fact that Amaterasu Omikami was born from the fact that Amaterasu Omikami was the son of Amaterasu Omikami .
Amenooshihomimi
Amenohohi
Amatsuhikone
Kuhitsuhikone
Kumanosubi
Susanoo , who had been good at this , fought in Takamanohara , and the god of Amaterasu Omikami fell into the Iwatakiwato .
In the past , there were various disasters .
Chichibu no kami ( the god of Chichibu no kami , the god of Chichibu no kami ) and Amenookoyamahito no Mikoto , who was a child of Ame no kami ( the god of heaven and earth ) , succeeded to the Emperor , and Susanoo succeeded to the Emperor from Iwatakahara .
When Amenooshihomimi , who was born in Ashihara no nakatsukuni , sent the Amatsukami ( god of heaven ) .
When Ashihara no Nakatsukuni was conquered , Ninigi was born when Amenooshihomimi descended to Amenooshihomimi , but the grandson of Ninigi was born .
Translation
In the mythology , there is a view that Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was born in the mythology , asked him to be a divine spirit of the gods , and in the story , Amaterasu Omikami is considered to be a divine spirit of the emperor .
Also , there is a view that it is a shrine maiden in ancient times .
The name ' Hikaru ' is a shrine maiden who served the sun god .
There is a theory that the sun goddess was originally a male god , but there is a theory that a shrine maiden became a goddess and became a female god .
In addition , there is a theory that this god was originally a female god , and it is now known that Himiko was the model of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
It is pointed out that the birth of the god of the god of the sun and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon , and " The Site of the Present " ( the first half of the seventh century ) , " The Past of the Left " ( the beginning of the seventh century ) , " The ceremony of the right of the left , " and " The Gettle of the Left " ( the beginning of the seventh century ) , ' The eyes of the right of the right and the right of the right , ' and the influence of Taoism is pointed out .
It is said that the term " Usuki " ( literally , " the god of the Ise-jingu Shrine " ) , Jingu Shrine , Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( a shrine dedicated to the deities of the Ise-jingu Shrine ) , Saigu ( a shrine dedicated to the deities of the Ise-jingu Shrine ) , Shikiheie ( New Year 's Day ) , Shikiheie ( literally , " The Golden Life " ) , and " Shikihaku " ( literally , " Gold " ) , " Usuki " ( literally , " the god of the moon " ) , and " heihaku " ( the god of the Ise-jingu Shrine ) .
According to the mythology , the mythology of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is said to have been written in the old period ( 3 - fourth century ) , and it is said that the mythology of the mythology of the ancient times .
There is also a theory that it is a mysterious mythology that spread in Japan as a result of the history of the history of the history of Japan , because it was a Japanese mythology .
According to " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , there is a theory that the shrine was changed into three times .
The contents of the incident are based on the contents of the incident .
645 : The Taika Reforms .
The Emperor is not enshrined in the Imperial Family before this time .
The ' sun ' ( literally , ' sun ' ) , ' Taiyo ' ( literally , ' the sun ' )
The male god called ' Maro ' was also enshrined .
In the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , there is a shrine named ' Ama no Tono ' ( Marutamaru ) in Tsushima , and ' Amamaru no Mikoto ' in Tanba , ' Amamatama no Mikoto , ' and ' Amamatama no Mikoto ' in Tanba .
Incidentally , it is also known as Amatateru no Mikoto , the grandson of Amaterasu , and the ancestor of Amenohibari , the ancestor of Amenohoakari , the ancestor of the Owari clan and the Nabe clan .
In addition , the younger brother of Amenohibari , who was the great-grandfather of Emperor Jinmu , was the great-grandfather of Emperor Jinmu .
672 : The Jinshin War .
" Oohimome " is a daughter of ' the daughter of the sun god , ' ' Tanaka no kami . '
In this case , it is interpreted that the enshrined deity of the enshrined deity is a deity of the god of the god , and it is interpreted as ' Maro , ' the god of the body .
698 : The shrine was founded .
It is ' Amaterasu , the ancestor of the Emperor and the emperor . '
She is a female god .
As a model for Empress Jito , it was created as a model for the gods of gods .
Even after that , ' Tensho ' was called ' Amaterasu ' or ' Amaterasu . '
For example , in " Sarashina Nikki " ( The Diary of Sarashina ) ( around 1060 ) , the part of ' Tensho ' is read as ' Amaterasu Omikami ' and ' Amaterasu Omikami ' in " The former Kujihongi " ( Ancient Japanese History ) , which is also called ' Marutamaru . '
In 1880 - 1881 , a debate on the Shinto religion occurred in the Shinto religion , which occurred in the Shinto religion , which was established in Hibiya in Tokyo .
In the Shinto Shinto office , the enshrined deity of the shrine was enshrined as the enshrined deity of the Shinden ( the god of worship ) and the four pillars of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) and Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , the ' Izumo-ha ' ( the Izumo school ) , which should be seen as ' the world of the world , ' and that ' the five pillars of the Izumo school , ' ' the world of the world ' and the enshrined deity of the god of the country , should be divided into five pillars .
However , the ' Ise school ' who played the central role of the Shinto office was a ' Tenchi Daishu ' ( Great Buddha of the Great Buddha ) , which was the ' Tenchi Daishu ' ( Great Buddha of the heaven ) , which was a vassal of Kenyu and the other gods , and the other gods insisted that there was a conflict between the two gods .
In the fruit , there were various theories about various theories , such as ' The school of the Izumo school has been unable to kill the Imperial Family , ' and ' the Imperial Family should be killed by the Imperial Family . '
Before long , the dispute was taken by the Emperor Meiji , and the gods of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) were regarded as the highest rank .
In addition , it is said that the government recognized that the government could not control the common people directly by the Meiji Government , and it is said that the modern nation could not control the common people directly by the modern nation .
Please refer to the section on the Shinto Shinto Shinto Office .
When Ryunosuke AKUTAGAWA appeared in his novel , it was also called ' Ohomuruchi , ' another name of the name of Amaterasu Omikami .
This is because the word ' Tensho Okami ' ( Amaterasu Omikami ) is the name of the ancestor of the Emperor , and it is because the god of the sun goddess , or the god of the sun , is not used as a god .
In fact , there is a lot of people who did not have a large number of troops by disembowelment of the army in the novel of AKUTAGAWA .
Masaatsu YASUOKA ( 1898 - 1983 ) , who was established in the Konchigakuin School ( 1898 - 1983 ) was a belief of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
Amaterasu Omikami is a ideal idea that the world of the world should be blessed with the world .
It is said that the word ' Izanagi ' and Izanagi , ' Iiza , ' is an ideal of the world of the world , and it is said that the world of the world of the world .
The shrine enshrining Amaterasu Omikami
The shrine enshrining Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is called Jinmyo-jinja Shrine , but it is located across the country , but the main shrine is located in the inner palace of the Ise-jingu Shrine ( Ise-jingu Shrine ) .
The Dai-jingu Shrine is a Shinto shrine that is enshrined as a deity of the Three Sacred Treasures .
Most of the shrines are distributed in many shrines in Japan .
Daimyoshu is a word used to refer to the name of Daimyoshu .
It refers to the name of a person .
It is a small name .
It was originally a person who tried to control power in local regions .
Among the samurai society , the term " samurai " meant a samurai who owned many territories and their subordinates .
In the Muromachi period , Shugo ( provincial constable ) strengthened his territory and became a shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord as provincial constable ) .
In the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) , the daimyos who established their own territory and established the daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) and Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) were called daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) .
In the Edo period , a samurai family was given to the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) from the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that the samurai of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was a samurai of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In addition , daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) were also referred to as the lords of daimyo ( feudal lords ) as their feudal lords , and they were also referred to as daimyo lords .
This section describes the details of the Edo period in the Edo period .
Refer to the article for the shugo daimyo and Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) .
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Edo period
During the Edo period , daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) were determined by the status of social status and court ranks , and the ranks were decided by the court rank , the rank of the court , and the official rank .
First , according to the relationship with the Tokugawa Shogun family , the family was classified as a daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) , which was a vassal of the Tokugawa family , and was classified as a vassal of the Tokugawa family after the Battle of Sekigahara , and was classified as a vassal of the Tokugawa family after the Battle of Sekigahara .
When the first shogun , Ieyasu , the first shogun of the shogun family died , the Tokugawa family was allowed to maintain the Tokugawa family to control the Tokugawa family , and in order to support the Tokugawa family , the Tokugawa family was allowed to use the Tokugawa family to the Tokugawa family , and the Tokugawa family was allowed to use the Tokugawa family to the Mito Domain and the tenth son Yorifusa TOKUGAWA , the tenth son of Yorifusa TOKUGAWA , a feudal lord of the Mito Domain .
In addition , when he was the second son of Hidetada TOKUGAWA , the second shogun , he was appointed to the lord of the Echizen Domain , and he established a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) of the Tokugawa family .
In addition , he was appointed as a fudai daimyo ( a hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) as a daimyo ( hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) , which had been established by the Tokugawa Shogun family , and in order to secure the military power of the bakufu , he was appointed as an important post in the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was appointed as an important post in the shogunate government .
The fudai daimyo ( hereditary vassal of the Tokugawa family ) was relatively low , and the Hikone Domain of the Hikone Domain , who was a fudai daimyo ( hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) , had a large amount of rice crop yields , but the family of the family of the Hikone clan , the lord of the Hikone clan , and the Ogasawara clan , and the Ogasawara clan , the Hatamoto clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , and the Toda clan .
It came to be used as a result of the separation of power and military power .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) became a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) who belonged to the Tokugawa family and many families in the Battle of Sekigahara .
In addition , the bakufu was strong , and in the case of failure , it was feared by a failure and failure of a conspiracy , and in case of fear of failure and rebels , they were punished by severe punishment .
As a representative daimyo , the Kaga Domain , a feudal lord of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , a feudal lord of the Satsuma clan , the Date clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the Sake clan , the lord of the domain of the Saga clan , the Sake clan , the lord of the domain of the Saga clan , the lord of the domain of the Akita clan , the Sake clan of the Akita clan , the lord of the domain of the Akita clan in the domain of the Akita clan of the Akita clan of the Akita clan .
In addition , the territory was divided into one province or more than one province or more than one koku or more than a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was also divided into the status of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , and the daimyo ( feudal lord ) were also divided into the status of daimyo ( feudal lord ) , and when daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) went to Edo Castle .
For details , refer to the article .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was not allowed to have a territory of 10 thousand koku ( unit of unit of unit ) of 10 thousand koku ( unit of unit of unit ) of the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the castle town , and most of them had a territory around the castle .
In the case of a single village , it was divided into one village or a village .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was one thousand koku ( approximately 180 liters of crop yield ) , but the Kitsuregawa clan of the Kikkawa clan was 5,000 koku .
This was because the Kikkawa clan was a descendant of the Ashikaga clan .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) were under the control of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and the system of Sankinkotai ( a system of centralized government based on the ritsuryo code ) .
In addition , in the end of the Edo period , the term " todo-den " was also ordered to be ordered to defend the coast of the coastal defense in the end of the Edo period .
The word for daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord )
Among the kazoku daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) , the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was one of the lords of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) .
A residence of daimyo daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
In Edo , the residence was located in Edo , and the residence was called the residence of the residence .
He was a daimyo daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Edo period were moved to the battlefield in the Edo period .
In addition , a group of a group of a group of a group is used to make a group of a group .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , which was made by the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) to the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
It consisted of feudal retainers of domains .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) as a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The bakufu ordered the control of the bakufu to control the control of the criminals .
It is a fushin for daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
It is a bypass of the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The Japanese territorial lord daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was a legislation that was set up by the Edo bakufu .
When he is a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , the fish is made of a fish , and the fish is made by the fish .
It is said that he was a wealthy force .
It is cut into a large amount of fish and meat .
To purchase the budget of a daimyo , it is purchased .
It is a bowl of rice bowl .
It is also referred to as a type of lacquered painting , which is made by a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a ship of a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
It is a horizontal pattern pattern .
According to " Setsuyoshu " ( a collection of Japanese poetry compiled by the Muromachi period ) in the Muromachi period , the following two kinds of ' tamashi ' and ' daimyoyo ' were given to shugo ( provincial constable ) , the latter , and the latter .
In the Sengoku period , the distinction between the sound and the sound of the sound was often called ' tamashi . '
In the beginning of the 17th century , the two sound of ' Dainyo ' and ' Taka , ' and the word ' tamai ' is not clear , but the distinction of the word is not clear .
In the Edo period , the word ' Omyo ' was established in the Edo period , and it was called ' Daiyo ' in the Kansei era .
Shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) , Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period )
Chikamasa , daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) , daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) , and so on
The domain
Shoshu
