Structure
Dogen was a Zen priest in the early Kamakura period .
He was the founder of the Soto sect .
He was also called Rogen in his later years .
He was also called Takamasu ( the founder of the sect ) and the honorific title .
His posthumous Buddhist name was Butsuden Kokushi , Joyo Daishi ( a priest ) .
It is generally called Dogen Zenji .
It is said that the manners and manners of the meals were stretched in Japan , and the custom of manners and manners of meals .
There is a theory that he brought back the Silk Silk ( Memorial bamboo ) .
There are many theories about the birth of Dogen , but there are various theories regarding the direct line of Michichika TSUCHIMIKADO , Naidaijin ( Minister of the Interior ) , and the direct descendant of Michichika TSUCHIMIKADO , Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) .
According to the theory , it is said that he was born as a son of FUJIWARA no Ishi , a daughter of FUJIWARA no Ishi ( FUJIWARA no Motofusa ) , who was a daughter of FUJIWARA no Motofusa ( FUJIWARA no Motofusa ) , who was a daughter of the Matsudo-dono villa in Kyoto , Kyoto , but in recent years , it is said that he was a biological child of Michitoshi HORIKAWA , who was a biological child of Michichika HORIKAWA , who was a biological son of the Emperor .
There is also a theory that he was a son of Michichika , MINAMOTO no Yorimune , and Michiko KOGA .
According to " Kenkoki " ( a record of the book ) , he was three years old , and was adopted by his older paternal half-brother , Michichika HORIKAWA , and was adopted by Michitoshi HORIKAWA , who was the younger paternal half-brother .
According to one theory , there was a story that Motomichi , who was a maternal uncle of his maternal uncle , was adopted by the family of the Matsudono family , who had been a maternal uncle of his mother , but it is said that Dogen , who had been a maternal uncle of the family , refused to do so .
There is a theory that the founder of the Jodo Shinshu sect , Shinran , was a maternal relative of each other , and there is no evidence .
There is a theory that the volume of " Shobogenzo " written by Shinran was written by Shinran .
In 1213 , he visited his uncle , Yoshiaki , who was the mother of Mt . Hiei .
In 1214 , he became a priest and called himself Dogen Dogen , the head priest of the Tendai sect .
In 1215 , he studied the Tendai sect and studied under the Tendai sect .
In 1217 , he studied under Zenyo , a disciple of Eisai in Kennin-ji Temple .
In 1223 , he traveled to the Southern Sung Dynasty to the Southern Sung Dynasty and received an impression from Jonjo of the Soto sect .
He returned to Japan in 1228 .
In 1233 , he opened Kosho-ji Temple in Fukakusa .
Around this time , he was suppressed by Mt . Hiei .
In July , 1243 , he was relocated to Echizen Province in Echizen Province by Yoshishige TANO , a jito ( manager and lord of manor ) of Echizen Province .
On the way to the invitation of Nobutsuna SASAKI , the lord of the Kutsuki Village , he joined the Kutsuki Village in the order of Nobutsuna SASAKI , the lord of Kutsuki Village .
In 1244 , he founded Daibutsu-ji Temple .
In 1246 , he changed his name to Daibutsu-ji Temple to Eihei-ji Temple and changed his name to Gensho .
Around this time , he went to Kamakura to take the request of Tokiyori HOJO , Yoshishige HATANO and Yoshishige TANO .
In the Kamakura period , a period of time in the Kamakura period was a half years , but in the Kanto region , it became the first time in the Kanto region .
In 1253 , he handed over Eihei-ji Temple to his disciple Ejo Ejo , who was a disciple of Eihei-ji Temple , and died at the age of 54 ( at the age of 53 ) , and at the age of 54 , he died at the age of 54 ( at the age of 53 ) .
It is said that the cause of the death is said to be the cause of the death .
Although it was completed by a certain number of Buddha , it was not necessary to do so , but it was the main nature of Buddha , and it was the best ascetic practice of Buddha ( Shuseiyo ) , and it was the best ascetic practice of Buddha , which was the best ascetic practice of Buddha .
Many of Kamakura Buddhism are based on the Taoist ideology , but according to the Shobogenzo , it is not completely uncertain .
It is a way to make the statue of the statue of the Buddha in the Buddhist law .
There are only one Kyodo ( Kyodo ) .
It is also called yorishiro .
It is not necessarily that they want to live in the world .
There is a good sense of love , and there is a kneading on the ground .
It is a kind of Buddhist precepts , such as Buddha and the Buddhist precepts , and they are all living in the lower and lower grade .
It is the origin of the Buddhist law .
It was not only a person who could not be able to do so that he could not be able to do so , ' and he was not only a disciple of the Shakyamuni 's disciples , but he denied the law of the Suho sect .
" Shoho Zokuzo "
" Shoho Zogenzo " ( Shoho Zaizo ) , the Japanese classical literature of Japanese classical literature , " The Painting of the Painting of the Painting of the Painting of the Painting of the Present , " ( Note by Jiro NISHIO , published in 1965 )
" modern translation of the modern translation " ( 1 ) ( 1 ) ( by Kazuo NISHISHIMA ) ( translated by Kazuo NISHISHIMA )
" Shoho Zaizo ( 1 ) " ( 1 ) , " Yatsuo MIZUNO , " Bunko MIZUNO , 1990 )
" Shoho Zaizo " ( written by Kunio ISHII , published in 2004 )
" Eikahirairoku " ( written by Kunihiro ISHII , published in 2005 )
" Eihei Seiki "
" Tenza Kyoku "
" Tennoza Kyokuinho " ( translated by Hosho NAKAMURA ) ( translated by Hosho NAKAMURA , translated by Phohu NAKAMURA )
" Shukushuho . "
" Shoho Zogenki " ( The Record of the Shoho Zheng ) : A lecture of Dogen , a lecture of Dogen 's lecture .
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( The New Codes of Shoho ) , " Shobogenzo Shinbun " ( The book of the book on the study of the book ) , " Shobogenzo , 1958 , " 1958 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( written by Jo FURUTA , published by Kanden Bunko , 1960 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( revised by Tetsuro WATSUJI , published by Iwanami bunko , 1982 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( Picture of Yazo MIZUNO ) ( translated by Yasuko MIZUNO , translated by Yasuko MIZUNO )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( translated by Ikeda ) ( translated by Ikeda Publishing Co . , Ltd . , 1993 )
" Shoho Zaikoki " ( Complete Works of Shoichi YAMAZAKI , published by Seiichi YAMAZAKI , 2003 )
" Dogen Zenji Zenshu Zenshu " ( The Collection of Dogen Zenji Zenshu Zenshu ) , published by Shunshuku-sha Publishing Co . , Ltd .
reference
" Dogen Zenshi no Taka " ( Iwanami bunko ) ( Iwanami bunko )
" Dogen " by Michio TAKEUCHI ( " Dogen " ) , 1962
" Dogen Zenji no Zenjo " ( The life of Dogen Zenji ) , " Dogen Zenshi no Zenjo "
" Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen ) , 1971
" Dogen Zazenzo " ( Dogen Zazenzo ) , " Dogen Zazenzo " ( Dogen Zazen ) , Kyoto Broadcasting Corporation
Akira SUGANUMA , " Dogen Genjiten , " published by Tokyo Publishing Co . , Ltd .
" Koza Dogen , " edited by Motaka KAMISHIMA and Shiro YUKI , " Koza Dogen " ( The Picture of the Painting of the Paintings ) , published by Yoshiro KASHIMA and others
" Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Dogen " ( Dogen )
In the 18 , the Newspaper " Dogen " ( Dogen ) , " Echizen no Shodo " ( Dogen ) , and " Echizen no Shodo " ( Echizen Province ) , and the Asahi Shinbun ( the newspaper of the Asahi Newspaper ) , and 661 .
Ryotaro SHIBA : ' Sozo of YAMANAKA ' ( the same as the above )
Ryotaro SHIBA : 777 - 889 .
It is a portrait of Ryotaro SHIBA ( the same as ' the portrait of Jakuen ) ' and 104 .
" Dogen Zenshi " ( Dogen Zenji ) , " Dogen Zenshi " ( The Letters of Dogen )
Umekoji steam Locomotive Museum is a facility of a steam locomotive facility located in Kani-cho , Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture , and is a steam locomotive facility .
On October 10 , 1972 , the Japanese National Railways was established in Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City as a result of the construction of the Japan National Railways ( Japan National Railways ) , and it was the first Japanese facility that supported the railway transportation of Japan in the first century , and it was the first Japanese facility that supported the railway transportation of Japan in the first century .
In 1987 , JR West was succeeded by JR West .
In addition , the facilities of this facility is located at the same station ( Umekoji Station ) , and the steam locomotives and the Sagano Scenic Railway Co . , Ltd . , which is operated by a steam locomotives , and the construction of the Sagano Scenic Railway .
The reason why this facility was established in the latter half of the 1960s was to be preserved in a steam locomotive locomotive .
Initially , there was a large number of local administrative districts located in Kozan City , Tochigi Prefecture , which was close to the capital area , but it was designated as the most candidate candidate in the central part of Japan , and it was officially selected as a part of the central part of the Kyoto Metropolitan area ( at that time ) in 1970 .
In principle , the number of cars can be selected as the principle of the number of cars , but it was not planned to be scheduled to be scheduled to be scheduled to be scheduled to be scheduled .
The facility is called " steam locomotive Museum , " which is used by the former Umekoji Museum of the former Umekoji Ward , and the former Nijo station building was relocated to the former Nijo station building .
It was built in 1914 and was designated as an important cultural property on December 10 , 2004 , and it was designated as an important cultural property in the country along with the five electrification .
In the same year , he was selected for the Natural Preservation Society of Dohagi Society .
In 2006 , the construction of a steam locomotive , a type of steam locomotives , and the construction of a steam locomotives , were designated as a commemorative commemorative building , and the construction of a steam locomotive building was designated as a commemorative commemorative commemorative .
The former Nijo station building was constructed in 1904 , which was built by the Kyoto Railway Company , which was built by the Kyoto Railway Company , and it was built in the Heian Heian-jingu Shrine , and it was built by the Kagan .
The Kyoto Railway was nationalized in 1907 , and after that , it was used as a national system , and the station building was used as a station building of the Sanin Main Line ( Sagano Line ) , but the station building was relocated to the station building of the Sanin Main Line ( Sagano Line ) , which was built in 1997 , and the building was relocated to the site of the main building of the main hall , and the building was relocated to the site of the main building of the main hall , and the building was built as a museum .
In April 1996 , it was designated as a cultural property of Kyoto City .
In the form of a type of sixteen ryo ( six-17 cars ) in the Taisho period from Taisho to Showa periods , the sixteen mon ( 16 mon ) are exhibited and exhibited .
At the beginning of the opening , the preservation preservation is the principle , and the number of two cars of the total of 545 signs and 51 cars were operated by two cars , but in 2006 , the number of vehicles of the preservation of the preservation was increased , and the preservation of the preservation preservation has become seven seven cars in 2006 .
Among them , five five ryo ( five ryo ) are still available , and 2 ryo ( Cy57 No. 1 ) , and the section of the Hokuriku Main Line , ' Kitabiko ( train ) , ' the Hokuriku Main Line , and ' Kitaiwako ( train ) ' are served at the main line .
These two cars are not available for the purpose of preservation , but they are not able to be examined in the main line .
In addition , it is operated by the main line of the ' SL Stream , ' which is used for exhibitions for exhibitions .
The operation of this exhibition was located in the north of the station , which was located at the north end of the station , which was located at the north end of the station , but the former Nijo Station was relocated to the north of the former Nijo Station , and it was changed to the present Umekoji Park to the south of the Sagano Line .
Even today , it has functions as an administrative district , and also the business line .
In addition , the improvement of the steam locomotive is also maintained by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Ubai
It originated from ' Ubai ' in Umekoji .
It is designated as a special commemorative commemorative service in 2006 , except for the C62 No. 1 No. 1 , which was designated as a national treasure in 1976 , and it was designated as a national treasure .
There is no description of this article in 1972 , which is said to have been transferred from the Independent Institutions in 1972 .
The number of the book is not available from the site of Umekoji .
JNR / 20 steam locomotives :
In 1914 , the company was manufactured .
It was transferred from the Hirosaki Universities .
In 1979 , the number of cars was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
JNR 600 steam locomotive
In 1914 , he was established .
It was transferred from Otaru Station .
In 1979 , the number of cars was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
In 1987 , it was preserved .
JNR / JR type steam locomotive
In 1946 , it was produced by Sojima Industrial Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from the Kagoshima district .
In 1979 , it was dissolved .
In 2002 , the temple was restored to commemorate the 30 anniversary of the restoration .
JNR C11 steam locomotive
In 1940 , it was made in Kawasaki shako .
The station was transferred from Wakamatsu-wakamatsu Station of the Gunzan General Center , Aizu Wakamatsu Station .
In 1987 , it was dissolved .
JNR C51 steam locomotive
In 1927 , the company was manufactured .
In 1962 , it was abolished in the Shinatsu Unku Ward .
It was kept at the site of the Niigata Railway School , and it was restored by Umekoji Station , and it was restored by the Umekoji Preparatory Center .
JNR / JR Card steam locomotive
In 1928 , the company was produced .
In 1950 , it was closed in the Umekoji Ward district .
It was preserved in 1961 by the National Museum of Fine Arts and the Museum of Science and Technology .
JNR C55 steam locomotive
1935 : Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
The station was transferred from the Geki-gawa River .
In 1979 , it was dissolved .
JNR C56 steam locomotive ( a train car )
1939 : Kawasaki Shako Co . Ltd .
It was transferred from the Matsumoto Transport Co . , Ltd .
JNR C57 steam locomotive : ( The station was operated by car ) .
In 1937 , Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Inakura Ward .
JNR C58 steam locomotive
In 1938 , the company was produced .
The station was transferred from the Kitakinomi Station .
In 1987 , it was dissolved .
JNR steam locomotive locomotive
In 1946 , it was produced in Japan .
It was transferred from the Nara Station .
In 1979 , it was dissolved .
JNR C61 steam locomotive : ( there is a car )
In 1948 , the Mitsubishi Industry Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Miyazaki Ward .
In 1979 , the number of cars was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
In 1987 , it was restored .
JNR C62 steam locomotive
In 1948 , it was produced in the production of Japan .
In 1967 , it was abolished in the Hiroshima second ward .
In 1986 , it was designated as a national treasure , and it was stored in Hiroshima Railway Gakuen .
In 1994 , it was relocated to Umekoji .
C62 No. 2 : The creation of a car ( a car )
In 1948 , it was produced in the production of Japan .
It was transferred from Otaru Kubinchi Ward .
In 1979 , the number of cars was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
In 1987 , it was restored .
JNR Dam steam locomotive
In 1925 , it was produced .
It was transferred from the Naokata district .
In 1979 , it was dissolved .
JNR 51 steam locomotive
In 1936 , Kawasaki Shako Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from the Hamada district .
In 1987 , it was dissolved .
D51 type 200 : ( there is a number of car )
In 1938 , the Ministry of Railway Company ( the Central Japan Railway Company ) was established .
It was transferred from the Nakagawa-ku Ward .
In 1979 , the number of cars was dissolved ( a fire preservation ) .
In 1987 , it was restored .
JNR Dance Type 52 steam locomotive
1946 : The Mitsubishi Industry Co . , Ltd .
It was transferred from Goryokaku ( Goryokaku ) .
In 1979 , it was dissolved .
JRR-W-20-type 10 : 10 ( 10 ) No. 2010
Picture : 633333933
Picture : 50 of the painting of the painting of the painting : 50 : 50 : 50 : 50 : 50 : 00 of Umekoji Cam Locomotive Museum
Picture 51 : 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 / 1 / 1
Picture : 511-51 ( Swed-go ) ( Swed-go )
Picture : 5345 cubic 5545
The image of the image : 160 ( SL ) No. 160 ( SL ) No. 160 ( SL )
Picture : 6088,011 J.P.
Picture R-621 - Camex C62 No. 621-1
JRR-W-622 C62 No. 662
JNR / JR Limited Express Type 10
There were two cars , and two cars were used .
JNR / JR Series 50
It is used as a room room .
There is a lot of the original form of the house , but it is used for households for housing , and the inside of the house is placed on the back .
It is also used to use a toilet .
" Umekoji 9090 " ( West Japan Railway Company , 2004 ) ISBN 477770705
" JNR / JR Tokaido Line II " ( Hozonsha , 1984 ) ISBN 45865553012X
Seki Seki , ' Umekoji steam locomotives
In December 1994 , " Railway Film " ( magazine ) , the first time in December , 1994 , Umekoji steaming and Umekoji steaming
In 1994 , the construction of Umekoji Park and the opening of the Establishment of the Establishment of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation of the Preservation
Kozan TAKAYAMA , ' Umekoji , ' 1 , 1
Sumiya-sha Shrine : January 1998 - February 41-442
Shomyo is one of Japanese traditional music .
It is a religious music which is used for Buddhist scriptures .
In Japan , it is also called Bonbai , Bonshutsu .
It is written in the old Japanese style .
It is one of the academic fields of ancient India .
Goryo refers to five kinds of learning , such as Shomyo ( the study of Chinese classics ) , Bunho ( study of Chinese classics ) , Engaku ( art of art ) , and Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics ) , Ming ( ethics ) .
It was introduced to Japan along with Japan .
In 754 , a Buddhist memorial service held by the Great Buddha of Todai-ji Temple was held , and in the Nara period , Shomyo was actively performed in the Nara period .
In the early Heian period , Saicho , Kukai and Kukai handed over their Shomyo , and became the head of the Tendai sect and Shingon Shomyo .
In the Tendai sect and the Shingon sect , there is a voice of each sect , and now it is still inherited .
In order to transmit the koden , there was no music .
Therefore , Denju was difficult to be difficult .
Later , hakase ( hakase ) was invented .
There is a difference in the specialty of each school .
However , the hakase ( hakase ) is a reference for the purpose , and if it is necessary , it is necessary to learn the shomyo , and it is not possible to maintain the school 's teachings and succession to his disciples .
Therefore , the leaders and the successor were required .
As a result of various conditions , many schools disappeared .
The Tendai sect was introduced by Saicho , and developed its own development .
After Saicho , the Ennin and Annen were expelled .
The founder of the Yuzu Nenbutsu is known as the founder of Nakoki .
In 1109 , Ryoo built Raigo-in Temple ( Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City ) .
The sango ( literally , " mountain name " ) , which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple in Ohara , is called Mt . Uoyama , and it is called Mt . Uoyama .
Before long , he became known as a dojo ( training hall ) of the Ohara-ryu school and the two branch temples of Shoren-in Temple .
In addition , Jakuhara became a member of the school , and in Ohara , the two schools of the two schools had been passed down .
Later , Muneyoshi started to restore Ohara Shomyo .
Tanchi built a new theory based on the theory of new music .
After that , the central part of the Tendai sect has been handed down to the present Tendai sect .
Yuzu Nenbutsu sect , Jodo sect , Jodo Shinshu sect , and Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) is a line of the Tendai sect .
The Shingon Shomyo has been introduced by Kukai , and now it has been passed down today .
It was after Masamasa , who had been systematized .
In the Kancho era , he was also said to be the founder .
He served as a composition of Shomyo .
There were many schools until the Kamakura period , but the four schools were compiled by Cloistered Imperial Prince Kakuho , and the four schools ( the school of the Shino school and the Nakagawa school of the Daigo school , the Daigo school , and the Nakagawa River ) .
The shomyo of the Kogi Shingon sect declined in the Edo period .
In the middle of the Meiji period , the school was abolished in the middle of the Meiji period and the Daigo school , the school of the Daigo school , and the Daigo school .
Currently , it is divided into Chiyama ( Chizan ) ( Chishakuin , Kyoto ) , Toyokoyama ( Mt . Koya ) , Mt . Koya , and Nanzan-ryu school ( Mt . Koya ) , the Nanzan school ( the Shingon sect of the Shingon sect ) .
Chizan Shomyo ( New Shingon sect ) and Toyokoyama school of Shingon sect ( Shingi Shingon sect ) , the Shingon sect school , the Shingon sect of the Shingon sect , is derived from the Nakagawa Oshinryu school .
Yorikane had the old school of Daigo .
In 1583 , when the Negoro-ji Temple ( Wakayama Prefecture ) was burned down by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , both sides of Chiyama and Mt . Chizan were formed by the Daigo school of Daigo .
It is characterized as a feature of Toyokoyama , and is called ' Shomyo ' in Mt . Chizan .
The Nakagawa school of the Nanzan school was established by Oku NAKAGAWA , the head of the Nakagawa school .
The Nakagawa school was the Daijin of Nakagawa-dera Temple , Nara and Nakagawa .
In 1232 ( 1232 - 1233 ) , Katsuyuki of Mt . Koya was moved to Mt . Koya and moved to Mt . Koya .
Later , the name of Mt . Koya was also called Mt . Koya , and was called Nanzan school .
It is also called the Shinyu school and Nono-ryu school .
The music of Heikyoku ( Noh song ) , Noh song , and Joruri ( dramatic narrative chanted to a Noh song ) , can be said to be transformed into the transition of Shomyo .
The influence of hitoe music is greatly influenced .
Emperor Tenchi .
He was a male .
626 - January 7 , 672 .
He was the thirty-eighth Emperor .
His posthumous name was Amenomihitamikoto no Mikoto .
His imina ( personal name ) was Katsuragi .
It is believed that he was also called Katsuragi no Miko .
He is generally known as Ono no Oe no Oji .
" Oi no Oe " means the crown prince , and ' Naka no Oe ' means the Crown Prince .
Summary
He was the second prince of Emperor Jomei .
His mother was Princess Hatsuhime ( later Emperor Kogyoku ) .
The Empress was Princess Yamatohime , a daughter of Prince Oji , who was a younger paternal half-brother .
He made a coup d 'etat and his uncle , SOGA no Iruka and killed SOGA no Iruka , and his uncle , Emperor Kotoku ascended the throne .
Then , he established a new era name ( Taika no hen ( the Taika Reforms ) , the leading figure in the Taika Reforms ) .
In addition , he was sentenced to death by a coup d 'etat , such as Prince Arima .
Since Baekje was defeated by Tang Dynasty China in 660 , he sent Paekcao Paung , who was staying in the Imperial Court , and tried to restore Kudara .
He stayed in Tsukushi in order to protect Baekje , but in 666 , Emperor Saimei passed away .
After that , he was not able to do so , but he was defeated in the Battle of Hakusukinoe in 663 , and was enthroned in Otsu City , and then ascended the throne .
After the Battle of Hakusukinoe , the castle was established as a part of the policy of the defense of the land , fire , fire , and defense .
In addition , the rank of Jurokui ( Senior Eighth Rank ) was carried out in the fourteenth century , and the system of reforms of the nineteenth century was conducted .
In 670 , he made ' Koshin no Kuni ' ( Newspaper ) , which was the oldest family registration in Japan .
It is said that the Nihonshoki ( Chronicles of Japan ) that Emperor Tenchi had to succeed the throne to the Imperial Prince Otomo and Prince Otomo .
However , the Jinshin War occurred after the death of Emperor Tenchi , Prince Oama ( Emperor Tenmu ) won the Prince Otomo and succeeded to the throne .
After that , the Emperor Tenmu continued to become Emperor Shotoku .
After the death of Shotoku , Prince Shirakabe , the grandson of Emperor Konin , ascended the throne as Emperor Konin , and after that , it became the Tenji line .
It is said that he had a daughter of Prince Nukata , who had been killed by the Prince Oama , and sent four daughters of the Prince Oama as his wife .
Brief Personal History
626 :
July 12 , 645 : He became Crown Prince .
August 24 , 661 :
February 20 , 668 :
December 7 , 672 : 46 years old .
( According to " Fuso Ryakki " ( A Brief History of Japan ) , it is said that the Emperor Tenmu 's assassination of the Emperor Tenmu was killed by the Emperor Tenmu , saying , ' The Emperor is the mountain of the mountain in the mountains of the mountain in the mountains of the mountain , ' and it is said that he was killed by the Emperor Tenmu .
It is a mysterious mysterious mysterious mysterious mysterious history in the middle of the seventh century .
There are several theories about this .
It is a feelings that the Emperor Tenmu recommended Emperor Tenmu .
It is a misunderstanding that the Emperor Tenmu was a younger brother of Emperor Tenchi , who was the younger brother of Emperor Tenchi , and it is based on the theory that Emperor Kogyoku married Emperor Jomei .
When the Emperor Tenmu died at the age of Emperor Tenchi in " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , he was born at the age of Emperor Tenmu .
However , there is no contradiction between the two historical materials , but there are many historical materials that have a difference between 8 and 9 .
On the other hand , there was a theory that ' the father of his father , who had a younger brother , was said to be a younger brother , ' but it is said that the age of the age of 16 , which is described in " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , was the age of 16 , which was the age of 16 , which was the age of 16 , which was the age of 16 , which was the age of 16 , when Emperor Jomei ascended the throne .
Therefore , the year of this year was in 614 , the year of the same year , and in 614 , the year of birth was adopted .
" In the ancient times , " in " ancient times , it was not unusual in the ancient times , " and it was not unusual for the Emperor Tenchi and Jito ( Empress Jito , who had already been enthroned in the era of Emperor Tenmu , and the Emperor was not enthroned . )
It was a misunderstanding that it was a mistake .
There is also an opinion that the book is different from the fact that " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which is said to be the same as the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , was compiled .
( Refer to the article of ' Emperor Tenmu age ' )
It is said that the Isshi Incident was a coup d 'etat of Prince Karu ( Emperor Kotoku ) , and Prince Naka no Oe was dismissed from the position .
In recent years , the relationship between Naka no Oe no Oe and SOGA no Iruka was very good , and the basic policy was similar to the basic policy .
Then , Naka no Oe no Oe no Oji killed Iruka .
In addition , in the description of the Taika Reforms of Nihonshoki ( Chronicles of Japan ) , this theory came to be accepted by this theory .
In this theory , the reason why the Emperor Kogyoku 's abdication was banned by the Soga clan , who had not been expelled after the Emperor Kogyoku 's abdication , and so on .
It is a theory that the enthronement of Emperor Tenchi was acceded to the throne .
This is because Emperor Kotoku , who was described in " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , had a relationship with Emperor Tenchi and Emperor Tenchi , who had a relationship with Emperor Tenchi .
Although she was allowed to love love with her half-brothers , she was allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to have a close relationship with his younger brothers , Prince Oi , who was a sister of Chiko SANAKA , but he was disguised by his uncle , Prince Okaru ( Emperor Kotoku ) , and he was disguised by his uncle , Ono no Okimi ( Emperor Kotoku ) .
It is said that after the death of the Emperor Saimei , the Imperial Princess was succeeded to the throne as the wife of the emperor , but there is a theory that it was caused by some circumstances .
This is a theory that the person who was called ' the Imperial Prince ' in " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) is a theory that the Emperor was the Emperor who was the Emperor who was the Emperor 's second emperor to the throne .
There is a theory that she was called ' the Imperial Princess , ' and it is considered that she was called ' the Imperial Princess , ' but it is not necessarily certain whether it was Emperor Saimei .
There are also some historical materials such as the nature of political history and historical materials , but it is difficult to conclude the study of the study of archaeological results , such as the study of archaeological results .
Poems
It is also a waka poet who has four poems in Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
In Ogura Hyakunin Isshu ( the Ogura Anthology of One Hundred Poems by One Hundred Poets ) , the following poem was held as the founder of the Heian dynasty , and the following poem was added to the beginning .
How in the autumn of the autumn , wash with the wash of the sleeves of the sleeves of the sleeves of the sleeves .
The following one is the following one .
The incense burner is not seen in the past , and it is not possible to say that it would be a good luck , and it would not be able to fight with the gods of the gods and the gods .
Saionji family was a court noble who descended from the Fujiwara clan .
The Fujiwara clan was the Kanin line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan , and the family status was Seika .
The Toin family , the Imadegawa family ( the Kikutei family ) was a branch of the Saionji family .
He was a powerful branch of the Saionji clan , who used the name of Saionji , and the Saionji clan of Iyo Province .
The Kamon is used for the crest .
The Saionji family was founded by FUJIWARA no Michisue , the third son of FUJIWARA no Kinzane .
At the time of his great-grandson , Kintsune SAIONJI , who was a great-great-grandson of Michisue , he was confined to the Imperial Court as a member of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the Jokyu War , and in the Jokyu War , he was confined to the Imperial Court as a relative of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and then he was confined to the Imperial Court as a member of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and then he was appointed to the position of Daijo daijin ( Grand minister of state ) .
The name of Saionji is derived from the name of a temple which was built in the villa in the villa of the villa in Kitayama , Kadono County , Yamashiro Province ( Kitayama , Kadono County , Yamashiro Province ) .
This hall is also called Kita-dono Palace , and the current Kinkaku-ji Temple was built by Yoshimitsu ASHIKAGA from the Saionji family .
He was supported by the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) since Kintsune was supported by the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and also had a power to make Sekke ( regent family ) .
Sanekane SAIONJI was close to Daikakuji-to ( the Daikakuji line ) , and he was a daughter of Cloistered Emperor Kameyama and Emperor Godaigo .
However , after FUJIWARA no Kinhira , the son of Kinhira SAIONJI , the Daikakuji Imperial line supported the Jimyoin line to support the Jimyoin Imperial line and deepened the conflict between Daikakuji-to ( Imperial lineage of Daikaku-ji Temple ) .
After that , the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was dismissed by the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the time of Kinmochi SAIONJI .
Kimimune , who was the remnant of the Hojo clan , was sheltered by Yasuie HOJO , who was the remnant of the Hojo clan , and made a plan to assassinate Emperor Godaigo , who was the Emperor Godaigo , and made a plan to overthrow the Retired Emperor Gofushimi in the Jimyoin line , and was arrested and executed by his younger brother Kinshige SAIONJI .
During the period of the Northern and Southern Courts , Sanetoshi SAIONJI , a son of Kinmune , served the Northern Court ( Japan ) to the Minister of the Right , and restored the family name .
It was also known as a family business in the Muromachi period and the Edo period .
In the early Edo period , Saneharu SAIONJI , the legitimate son of Tadaoki HOSOKAWA ( later disinherited and disinherited ) , went up to the Imperial Palace to become the third daughter of Tadataka HOSOKAWA , who was the eldest son of Tadaoki HOSOKAWA ( later disinherited ) , but Yukihisa NAGAOKA was appointed to Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) , but Yukihisa NAGAOKA was given 600 koku of rice crop yields to the Saionji family .
At the end of the Edo period , Kinmochi SAIONJI was adopted by the Tokudaiji family of the Kanin school , and he was active as a politician in the Meiji Restoration and was active as a politician in the Taisho and Showa periods , and became a politician in the Taisho and Showa periods .
Incidentally , it is said that Kinmochi was a family business of the Saionji family , but it is said that the fact that the Emperor Meiji had a bad reputation from the Emperor Meiji in the Imperial Household Ministry , and he was ordered to be a member of the Imperial Household Ministry , and he made a biwa and biwa ( biwa ) and biwa ( biwa ) of the Imperial Household Ministry .
Mt . Hiei is a mountain located in the western part of Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture and the northeastern part of Kyoto City .
It is a general term for the Meminamine , which is located in the border between Otsu City and Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , and is the generic name of Shiokaku , which is located in Sakyo Ward , Sakyo Ward .
It is located in Otsu City .
It is believed to have been worshipped by Mt . Koya along with Mt . Koya , and it prospered as the Enryaku-ji Temple and Hiyoshi Taisha Shrine .
It is included in Higashiyama ( Kyoto Prefecture ) .
It is also known as Eizan , Hokan , Tendai , and so on .
Summary
It is located in the northeast of the north east of Kyoto , and Mt . Hiei is considered to be the mountain of the castle of the castle .
In Kojiki , Mt . Hiei is written as " Hie-yama Mountain " ( Mt . Hiei ) , and it is said that there is a description in Mt . Hio in Omi Province , and it is said that the god of Mt . Hiei was enshrined .
After Enryaku-ji Temple was founded at Mt . Hie-zan , Oyamakuchi no kami was regarded as the guardian deity of the Tendai sect and Enryaku-ji Temple as the guardian god of the Tendai sect .
It is also known as the Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei at the foot of Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei , and is a mountain mountain .
The mountain is also popular , and there is a mountain road that runs from the former Shugakuin , Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , and there is a mountain road that is located in Sakamoto , Sakyo Ward , Shiga Prefecture , and Sakamoto ( Otsu City ) and Sakamoto ( Otsu City ) .
There are many Buddhist monks and priests who represent the temple from ancient times to Kyoto and Enryaku-ji Temple , and today , many visitors are still available .
In the Yamanouchi area , the Tokai Film Road , which runs from Otsu to Ohara , Kyoto , is located .
In order to go to the top of the mountain , there is a lot of tourists visit to the top of the mountain to the top of the mountain .
In the past , there was a site of Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei , and the site of the site was closed until 2002 , and the site of the site of the site of the site was called ' Gaolan Museum ' and the site of the site of the site of Mt . Hiei .
In addition , there was a forest in the Kyoto side , but it was closed on November 30 , 2001 , and the site was closed on November 30 , 2001 .
Daikei and Shiokaku
According to the surveys of the land of land land , it is called Mt . Hiei and the west of Mt . Hiei , and it is called Mt . Hiei as a general term .
In ' The Record of the Past , ' the name of the name of the east is called ' Mt . Hiei ' ( Mt . Hiei ) .
It is located on the border between Otsu City and Kyoto City , but it is located in Otsu City .
It is difficult to confirm the top of Mt . Hiei in the Kyoto Basin , and it is difficult to confirm the top of Mt . Hiei .
In the Eizan Electric Railway , the Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , the top of Mt . Hiei is located at the top of Mt . Hiei .
There are many theories about the name of the name of the country , and there are many theories about the name of the land of the land , such as ' Shiyakuho , ' ' Shirogatake , ' ' Shiyakuho , ' and ' Shimonoho . '
The name of Mt . Hiei , which is the name of Mt . Hiei , is the name of the Tendai sect , which originated from the Tendai sect of Buddhism , which originated from the Tendai sect , Mt . Shimei , which is the sacred mountain of the Tendai sect .
Geography
Mt . Hiei ( left )
The mountain area of Tanba Province is divided into the border between the mountains and the flag .
Therefore , it is considered to belong to Mt . Hiei or Mt . Hiei .
Access
Mt . Hiei Railway Line ( Sakamoto Cable ) ( Sakamoto Cable )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Eizan Cable )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd .
Mt . Hiei Drive
Kyoto Prefectural Road 30 , Shiga Prefectural Road 30 , Higashi Otsu Line
Mt . Hiei Drive Bus / Hieizan Shochiku Bus
The Keihan Bus Yamashina Office
Kyoto Bus Arashiyama Line ( Mt . Hiei Drive Bus )
TV broadcasting station
On the side of Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture is installed in Kyoto Prefecture .
In the Shiga Prefecture , it has been established in a tastena , which is a telephone , which is a telephone .
Details of the ground level : Broadcasting Corporation
April 1 , 2005 : The station was broadcasted .
Industrial facilities : Broadcasting Corporation
Bingo
The TV program of Osaka Broadcasting Co . , Ltd . , Ltd . , NHK TV program , BBS broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting , and Telephone TV broadcasting broadcasting , and the TV broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting by the Osaka Broadcasting Co . , Ltd .
There is a little number of the NHK NHK , the NHK NHK and the NHK Osaka General .
Tokai-do Gojusan-tsugi
It is a guidance for the Tokaido Road , which connects Edo ( Tokyo Metropolitan Chuo Ward , Tokyo ) and Kyoto ( Sanjo-Ohashi Bridge ) .
This section is explained in this section .
It is a Ukiyoe ( Japanese woodblock prints ) by Hiroshige UTAGAWA , who painted the fifty-three stations of Tokaido Road ( the end of the end of the station ) .
The foodstuff of the foodstuffs which was sold from Susanoo .
- Tokaido Gojusan-tsugi ( the fifty-three major shrines of Tokaido )
Tokai-do Road is a road that runs along the Tokaido Road , which is built in the Edo period , and the section between the Tokaido Road and the Tokaido Road , which runs through the Tokaido Road .
In many cases , there were many places where the scenery of this 53 were established , and many of them were often seen in the historical sites of Ukiyoe ( Japanese woodblock prints ) , waka ( Japanese poetry ) and haiku ( Japanese poetry ) .
In the case of the fifty-three tasks , it is referred to as the fifty-seven syllables , and in the case of the Osaka area , it is called fifty seven .
The following are classified into each province .
The number of the number is different from Shinagawa .
* The autonomous body of autonomous autonomous autonomous autonomous autonomy in the Heisei period .
Nihonbashi ( Chuo Ward , Tokyo )
1 . Ichikawa-juku ( Shinagawa Ward , Tokyo )
2 . Kawasaki juku ( Kawasaki Ward , Kanagawa Prefecture )
3 . Kanagawa no juku ( Kanagawa Ward , Kanagawa Prefecture )
4.4 : Yagatani , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture
5.5 Takarazuka ( Takarazuka Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
6 . Fujisawa-juku ( Fujisawa City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
7.Hirazuka Station ( Hirazuka City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
8.8 Oiso-juku ( Kanagawa Prefecture , Kanagawa Prefecture )
9 : Odawara ( Odawara City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
10 . Hakone juku ( located in Hakone Town , Kanagawa Prefecture )
11.3 Mishima Station ( Mishima City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
12 . Numazu ( Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
13 . Sakaido ( Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
14 . Yoshiwa-juku ( Fuji City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
15 : Gabaka-juku ( Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
16.Y. Yu-juku ( Itala-cho , Ihara County , Shizuoka Prefecture )
17 : Okuki-juku ( Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
18.Ejiri-juku ( Shimizu Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
19.7 Fuchu no juku ( Aoi Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
20.Muko juku ( Suruga Ward , Shizuoka City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
221 : Okabe no juku ( Shita County , Shizuoka Prefecture )
222 : Fujijuku ( Fujita City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
23 . Shimada Shuku ( Shimada City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
24.24.Kaya Shuku ( Shimada City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( former Kanayama-cho , Shimada City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
25 : Hizaka-juku ( Kakegawa City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
26.Kakegawa-juku ( Kakegawa City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
27 : Fukurodo juku ( Fukuroi City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
28.2m shukubu ( Iwata City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
29.Hamamatsu-shuku ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
30 : Bokazuka-juku ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ) ( former Hamamatsu City , Hamamatsu City )
31 : Shinjuku ( Shinmachi , Hama County , Shizuoka Prefecture )
32 : Hakusa-juku ( Kosei City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
33 : Ichikawa-juku ( Toyohashi City , Aichi Prefecture )
434 Yoshida juku ( Toyohashi City , Aichi Prefecture )
35 : Oyuki-juku ( Toyokawa City , Aichi Prefecture )
36 : Akasaka juku ( Toyokawa City , Aichi Prefecture )
37 : Fujikawa-juku ( Okazaki City , Aichi Prefecture )
38 : Okazaki-juku ( Okazaki City , Aichi Prefecture )
339 : Oike-juku ( Chichi City , Aichi Prefecture )
40 : Naruki-juku ( Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture )
41 : Miyakiya-juku ( Atsuta Ward , Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture )
442 Kuwana Station ( Kuwana City , Mie Prefecture )
4.4 Yokkaichi City ( Mie Prefecture )
444 koku Yakushijuku ( Suzuka City , Mie Prefecture )
45 : Shoya juku ( Suzuka City , Mie Prefecture )
46 : Kameyama Station ( Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
447 Sekiyado ( Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
448 : Sakasuke no juku ( Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture ) ( old town of Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture )
949 : Shukiya-juku ( Koka City , Shiga Prefecture ) ( former Tsuchiyama Town , Koga County )
50 : Minakuuchi-juku ( Koka City , Shiga Prefecture )
51 : Bound for Iwabe no juku ( located in Koan City , Shiga Prefecture )
52 : Kusatsu-juku ( Kusatsu City , Shiga Prefecture )
553 Otsu-juku ( Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture )
Sanjo Ohashi Bridge ( Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
According to one theory , Ieyasu TOKUGAWA said that the ' Hojotaimono ' of the Kegon-kyo Sutra ( the Lotus Sutra ) , which is said to have been the head of the Monju Bosatsu ( Bodhisattva of Fugen Bosatsu ) in the order of Monju Bosatsu ( Bodhisattva of Fugen Bosatsu ) , was held by the order of Bugen Bosatsu ( Bugen Bosatsu ) , and it is said that the station was located in Kyoto ( the site of the Bugen Bosatsu in Kyoto ) .
It was established in 1619 as the station of the Tokaido Road ( Osaka Kaido Road ) .
It is sometimes called the Tokai-do Road , which is called Kyo-kaido Road .
In the case of the Tokaido Road to the Kyo-kaido Road , Sanjo-Ohashi Bridge is located in the southwest ( Otsu City ) , which is located in the southwest of Otsu Ohashi Bridge ( Oita Town , Otsu City ) , and the following is the route of Fushimi-juku .
It is classified into the provinces under the Ritsuryo system .
The first number of the first number is different .
The number of the two characters are located in Shinagawa juku ( Musashi Province ) .
54 : Fushimi-juku ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
5.5 Yodo-juku ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
556 Hirakata-juku ( Hirakata City , Osaka Prefecture )
5.Moriguchi-juku Station ( Mororiguchi City , Osaka Prefecture )
Goryeo ( Chuo Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture )
In the past , it was located in Kyobashi ( Chuo Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture ) , and it was located on the border between the border between Chuo Ward , Osaka Prefecture .
" Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) is written in the middle of the Heian period , and it is said that the book was written by Shonagon , Shonagon ( chief councilor of state ) .
" Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Harune-sho " ( The Pillow Book ) , " Harune-sho " ( The Pillow Book ) , and " Seishonmakura " ( The Pillow Book of the Past ) is the oldest of the manuscript in the Kamakura period , which is the oldest manuscript of the manuscript in the Kamakura period .
It was also called " Seishuroki " ( The Diary of Shonagon ) .
He had a great impact on the story of the Nakaoka Bungaku , which was a pioneer of the Heian literature , which had a great impact on the " Tale of Genji , " and he had a great impact on renga ( linked verse ) , haikai ( a traditional Japanese poem of thirty-one syllables ) .
It is referred to as " Hojoki " ( The Record of the Hojo clan ) written by Chomei YOSHIDA and " Tsurezuregusa " by Kaneyoshi YOSHIDA , and it is also called the three major history of Japan .
It is pointed out that there is a similar style of " Goya-zusan " ( a book of Japanese poetry ) , which is a unique style , and is pointed out in " Yoshiyama Zusan , " which is written in the late Tang Dynasty , and is not found .
According to the text of the end of the chapter , the origin of the book was made by FUJIWARA no Korechika , Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) , and when FUJIWARA no Korechika , Naidaijin ( Minister of the Interior ) , presented a paper to the Emperor and the Emperor Ichijo , he asked him to write " The History of the Emperor , " and when Shonagon ( Shonagon ) , who was a lower ranked officer of the palace , asked him to write " The Makura no Makura " ( The Pillow Book ) .
As a result , it was given the letter from the Imperial Palace to be given from the Imperial Palace ( according to the original book , " Makura no Makura " ( The Makura no Makura no Makura [ The Pillow Makura ] ) , the book was written in the book , " Makura no Makura " ( The Makura no Makura no Makura ( The Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura no Makura [ The Pillow of the Pillow Makura ] ) , and the book was written in the book of " Makura no Makura " ( The Makura no Makura ) .
There is a theory that the name ' Makura no Soshi ' came from this .
According to the " Makura no Soshi no Kenkyu " ( The Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi ) , he was a researcher of the " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , Shinobu ORIGUCHI , and Kikan IKEDA .
The following is a representative theory .
Structure : The word ' shiki ' ( literally , " a plum tree " ) , which is said to have been written in the words of " Shiki ( History of History ) "
One theory of the writer is a story of the story of the story of the story , and the words of the book , " Makura " ( The Please ) , and " Raque " ( Life ) .
Riboku Bokuroku : It is said to be a soshi ( a child ) , which is also placed as a zoshi ( a kind of demon ) .
The theory of hizo ( a secret book )
Religious theory
However , there is no clear theory .
In addition , the ' Makura no Soshi ' was used as a common name for a beautiful beauty in " Eiga Monogatari " ( The Tale of Eiga ) .
In the first time , the first work was written in the same book , and in 996 , MINAMOTO no Tsunefusa , the middle captain of the left , brought from the family of the author .
Even after that , there is a description that it was written in the end of the Kanei era , and it is said that it was written in the end of the Kanei era .
The text of " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) written in " The Tale of Genji , " which is written in " The Tale of Genji , " which is written in " The Tale of Genji , " which is written in " The Tale of Genji , " which is written in " The Tale of Genji . "
The difference between the biographies of the book is a big difference .
It consists of three volumes , and it consists of three volumes .
It is written in 1228 , which is a book that is said to have been written by FUJIWARA no Teika , who was a person who was called " Go-o " ( a man of a long time ) .
It is considered that the most ancient times was read as ' Buni Bunzashi . '
The two types of Kikan IKEDA were classified into two types .
The first book is a transcription from the beginning of the beginning of the first volume of the book , ' The spring of the spring , ' which started from the beginning of the beginning .
It is about 230 .
Yomei Bunko Library : A collection of the Imperial Household Archives , the Imperial Household Archives , and the Takamatsumiya family .
The second book ( Otomono ) - 300 .
Yatomi Temio : A book owned by the Yatomi Library , a book owned by the Date family , and the old book of the Kajuji family owned by the Kajuji family , and the old books of the Kanjuji Library , the Zashukan Library .
It is said that the family was brought from the fact that he had a relationship with Shonagon , a son of Shonagon , and the wife of TACHIBANA no Norinaga , who was a son of Shonagon , who was a son of Shonagon .
It came back to the end of the Kamakura period .
It is widely accepted that the book is the same as that of the three volumes of the book , and today , it is almost certain that the original version of the original book is the origin of the original book .
It is about 230 books for the beginning of the beginning .
300 books
It is a form of concrete style .
It is a transcription in the Muromachi period .
There is a record that Hirokata KIYOHARA , who lived in Sakai , was copied by Shiken KIYOHARA , who was a priest who lived in Sakai .
The second volume .
The diary is not included in Nikki ( diary ) .
Gokogon-in Temple : 190 stories
There is a record that Emperor Gokogon was copied .
This book was written by Shinkan .
It is a story of 95 stories .
The two kinds of these two types .
In general , the Sakamoto-bon refers to this .
It is one of the volume 107 .
2 volumes .
The third volume is 102 .
It is one of the four stories .
5 volumes :
It is a form of concrete style .
There is only a collection of the Maeda family , the Maeda family , and the Maeda family of the Maeda family .
It is a box box with gold and silver powder , and it is said that the box was made by gold and silver .
It is an important cultural property .
It is said that the oldest volume of " Makura no Soshi " was written in the early Kamakura period .
Among them , the book of the Sakamoto-bon line is included in " Gunsho Ruiju " ( Collection of Gunsho Ruiju ) , and the third volume of Sakamoto-bon is included in " Shin Gunsho Ruiju " ( The Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Classics ) .
In addition , in the early Edo period ( Kanei era ) , the original text was used as the original text in the early Edo period ( Kanei era ) , and it became the mainstream of the book , " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) and " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , and " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , and " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) .
However , in 1946 , the three volumes were reevaluated by Shigetaro TANAKA ( 1917 - 1987 ) , and after World War II , it was read as the second book , and after the Second World War , it was read as a textbook .
In addition , it is considered that the book was written in the " Makura no Soshi Ekotoba " ( The Pillow Book of Makura no Soshi ) , a picture scroll , which was written in the late Kamakura period , which was written in the latter half of the Kamakura period .
The second volume of the volume book is about 300 years , and it is more than 300 years .
The ' Mushi ' is a typical example of ' Mushi no Hana ' ( The Pillow of the Past ) , ' Utsukiri no Hana ' ( The Flowers ) , ' Utsukiri kuru ' ( The Life of the Flowers ) , ' Utsukiri ' ( Love ) , and ' Eigihon ' ( The Story of the Present ) , and the author of the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court and the Imperial Court in the Imperial Court , which had been made by the Empress Teishi and the author of the Imperial Court .
However , the classification of the classification is not clear , and there is also a theory that ' spring is the first part of the spring , ' and there is a different opinion . )
It is written in a simplified style of Japanese literature which used a hiragana ( Japanese syllabary ) and a short story , which is a simple style of writing , and a short story of the head of the chancellor of the Chancellor of the Chancellor of the Chancellor , and the wife of his lord , Sadako , reflects the feelings of her and his lord , Teishi .
The author of the author was sophisticated , and he made a good reputation in " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , and he made a good sense of beauty , ' a beautiful world ' in " Genji Monogatari . "
Program
Because the Makura no Soshi is a human , human nature and natural nature , and this is a variety of texts , which is a variety of texts , which is a variety of texts .
According to the Itsuki , the fittings of the idea of the above , it is not known for the different parts of the contents of the story , and it is not known by the fact that it is not known by the fact that it is not known by the fact that it is not known by the fact that it is not known by the fact that it is not known as a tool .
The expression ' Suibushi - Toki ' ( The Spring of the Spring ) , which is seen in the Kokin Wakashu ( A Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ) , is a kind of dressing of the sense of beauty of the people who are familiar to the traditional Japanese poetry , which is a kind of sense of sense of beauty , which is seen in the Kokin Wakashu ( A Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ) , and it is a kind of sense of sense of sense of beauty of people who have been familiar with waka poetry .
It is a good belief that the Empress Teishi is a good person .
It was written in order to remove the soul of a child who was written by the Michitaka family .
Therefore , it is natural that Michitaka 's family declined .
In addition to the above , it is said that the chugu ( the second consort of an emperor ) is a chugu ( a kind of chrysanthemum ) , and the Emperor 's reins of the Emperor and the Empress of the Empress , and the Emperor 's rebels in the world ( Kozuke Province ) , which means to live in the world of the emperor , and that the emperor should live in the world .
criticism of criticism
It is a dark saus-sama sabusama , who was from the rank of Shonagon ( a councilor of state ) , and he was a sick and sick .
( It is not possible to say that the social status of the family was not only a high person . )
It is not written in the " Teishi no Miya no Eki " ( The Record of the Imperial Palace ) , and it is not written by the qualification of ' . '
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA was the fifteenth Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and on December 9 , 1866 , he was appointed to the 15th Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) .
He was the only shogun who did not hold the post of the shogun as a shogun .
He was appointed as Naidaijin ( Minister of the Center ) , Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) and the Order of the Order of the Order of Merit .
The House of Peers ( Japan )
After the death of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , the 14th shogun of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , he was appointed as the 15th shogun of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) after the death of the shogun .
After the Emperor Meiji returned to the government , he tried to establish the Imperial Court , but in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , the former Shogunate army left the army of the former bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) after the Restoration of Imperial Rule ( Japan ) , and he returned to Edo-jo Castle from the Imperial Court , and he was confined to the Edo-jo Castle .
In the Meiji period , he was dismissed from his house , and he lived until the Taisho period , and lived until the Taisho period .
It is also read as ' Yoshinobu ' or ' Ikki . '
There is a record that he was called " Yoshihiko " in the official documents of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is also written in the name of a fashion , and the name of ' Koto ' is also written in the Japanese newspaper .
In Mito City , which is a place where it is a place , it is often called ' Yoshino ' in Shizuoka City , which is called ' Ikki . '
According to a person who know Yoshinobu 's death , Yoshinobu was called ' Ikki ' , and his younger brother , Akitake TOKUGAWA , called himself ' Ikki . '
It is said that Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA , who succeeded Yoshinobu after Yoshinobu , was called ' Keikyu . '
The two types of ' Ikiki ' and ' Iki-san ' are found in the present day , but it is often used in various places , but it is often used in many cases , and in some cases , it is often used in various places .
Ryotaro SHIBA said , ' A person who is called " Ikki " is a member of the former retainers of the former retainers of the domain , but it is possible that he was deeply respected in the area of the Higo clan who was a member of the Higo clan who was overthrown by overthrowing the Shogunate .
On September 29 , 1837 , he was born as the seventh son of Nariaki TOKUGAWA , the ninth lord of the Mito Domain in Edo , and the ninth lord of the domain .
His mother was Princess Yoshiko ( the third wife of the third shogun , Iemitsu TOKUGAWA ) , and his mother was the lawful wife of Iemitsu TOKUGAWA .
However , the real mother of Iemitsu is said to have been the lawful wife of Hidetada , the lawful wife of Hidetada , but there is a theory that the Kasuga no Tsubone was the mother of his mother .
His childhood name was Shichiro .
In the education policy of Nariaki , who was said to have been allowed to foster a child , he moved to the Mito Domain in seven months after his death , and he was taught to the school of learning and martial arts from the Tokugawa family to succeed to the Hitotsubashi Tokugawa family .
It seems that Nariaki was the first son of Yoshinobu , because he had been attracted attention from those days , and he thought that Nariaki was not adopted by the other family , and the first son , Yoshiatsu TOKUGAWA .
On August 1 , 1847 , the Emperor ordered him to be the heir of the Mito Domain to the Mito Domain , and was ordered to be the successor of the Hitotsubashi family of the Mito Domain .
He was given the name of Shichiro , and in January 1 , he inherited the Hitotsubashi family , and he called himself the 12th Shogun Ieyoshi TOKUGAWA , and called himself Yoshinobu .
Ieyoshi visited the residence of Yoshinobu as a candidate candidate for the Shogun 's heir , but he gave him a remonstration by Masahiro ABE , roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) .
In 1853 , he died of illness in the middle of the confusion of the ship , and the 13th shogun Iesada TOKUGAWA , who had succeeded to the throne , had a child , and the 13th shogun , Iesada TOKUGAWA , who had succeeded to the position of the shogun , did not have a problem .
There was a conflict between Nariaki and Masahiro ABE , who recommended Yoshinobu , and the lord of the Hikone Domain , Naosuke II , the lord of the Hikone Domain , who was the lord of the Kishu Domain , Yoshifuku TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Kishu Domain , and the real mother of the lord of the domain , Keifuku TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain .
The Hitotsubashi group was sent to O-oku as the adopted daughter of Nariakira SHIMAZU and the shogun , and in 1858 , Masahiro ABE , Nariakira SHIMAZU , and Nariakira SHIMAZU , who had lost his position as Dairo ( chief minister of the shogun ) , and Naosuke II , who became Dairo ( chief minister of the shogun ) in 1858 , was decided to be the chief minister , and in 1858 , Naosuke II , who became Tairo ( chief minister of the shogun ) , decided to be the shogun .
In the same year , Naosuke II , who was not allowed to use the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and Japan , and the Treaty of Commerce and Commerce .
Yoshinobu asked Nariaki and the lord of Fukui Domain , but he asked Naosuke , who was in charge of a crime , and he was suspended by his retirement in 1859 ( Ansei no Taigoku [ Ansei no Taigoku ] ) , and in 1859 , he was confined in retirement .
In addition , when Yoshinobu was not able to succeed to the throne , he sent his letter to Nariaki to his letter to Nariaki , saying , ' I have not been able to take over the country . '
In 1860 , he was confined .
In 1862 , the Imperial envoy , Shigetomi OHARA , entered Edo , and Emperor Komei , who was the Imperial envoy , went to Edo , and ordered the Emperor Komei , who was the Shogun 's guardian , and the Emperor Komei , who was appointed to the post of Dairo ( chief minister of the shogun ) , should be appointed to Tairo ( chief minister ) .
On July 6 , the bakufu appointed Yoshinobu as the guardian of the shogun and the president of Shungaku .
In the Bunkyu Reforms , Shungaku , who was called the Bunkyu Reforms , was established in the Bunkyu Reforms , and in the same year , he was established by the Kyoto shugoshoku ( military governor of Kyoto ) .
In 1863 , he went to Kyoto as a member of the Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and made efforts to negotiate with the Imperial Court who expelled the expulsion of foreigners .
When Emperor Komei visited Iwashimizu Hachiman-gu Shrine , Iemochi was given a sword from the Emperor to the Emperor , and he was forced to make an audience with Iemochi , who had been given an audience with Iemochi , and he was forced to take an audience with Iemochi .
In the Coup of August 18 , the Sonno Joi ha ( supporters of the expulsion of foreigners ) and the Sonno Joi ha ( supporters of the expulsion of foreigners ) were expelled from the Choshu Domain , and in the conference , he went to Kyoto to participate in the conference of the Imperial Court and the shogunate .
However , the conference was not able to see the conference of the meeting , and in the past , he was drunk at the sake brewery with Imperial Prince Kuninomiya Asahiko , and he made a violent saying , ' I 'm to get off from the Shimazu clan , ' and ' I 've you to get off from Shimazu , ' and so on , ' I 'm to get off from Shimazu . '
After that , the Imperial Court stayed in Kyoto and was appointed to the post of Shugo ( provincial constable ) , Katamori MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of the Aizu Domain ) , and Sadaki MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of the Aizu Domain ) , and the court nobles and court nobles ( the lord of the Kuwana Domain ) , and the court nobles and court nobles ( the lord of the Kuwana Domain ) .
In the Rebellion of Tenguto , the retainers of the Mito Domain , such as Yusai TAKEDA , who supported Yoshinobu supported Yoshinobu , and the retainers of the Mito Domain , who supported Yoshinobu .
In 1864 , he commanded the army of the bakufu in the Kinmon Incident and attacked the Choshu army which occupied the Takatsukasa residence .
When the first conquest of Choshu , he made a great effort to the Imperial sanction of the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and the United States of Japan , which had been an imperial sanction , and succeeded to the Imperial sanction .
In the second conquest of Choshu in 1866 , Yoshinobu received an imperial order to conquer Choshu Domain .
However , the Satsuma clan , who formed the Choshu Alliance , was defeated by the bakufu army , and the bakufu army was defeated .
On July 20 , the second conquest of Choshu , Iemochi died in Osaka-jo Castle .
Yoshinobu issued an imperial edict to the Imperial Court , and succeeded to the conclusion of the war .
He was recommended by Iemochi , but Yoshinobu refused this .
On August 20 , the Tokugawa Shogun family succeeded to the position of shogun , but he refused to be appointed as shogun .
After that , roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) asked the shogun , and on December 5 , he was given the title of shogun to Shogun , and on December 5 , he assumed the position of shogun .
This was because the shogun became a shogun , and he tried to take advantage of politics by taking advantage of the politics .
Yoshinobu had a reinforcements of 240,000 dolls from France to the French minister and the French minister , and established a military system to establish a military reform , and established a military system to establish a military reform and the military advisers who started to establish a military reform .
In addition , he encouraged his younger brother Akitake TOKUGAWA , who was a retainer of the shogun , who was dispatched to Europe , and he encouraged him to study in Europe .
In the issue of Hyogo Port , the Imperial Court received an imperial sanction .
Yoshinobu , who had been the Imperial Court to the Choshu clan , was allowed to return to the Imperial Court on October 14 , 1867 , and on October 14 , 1867 , he was allowed to return to the Imperial Court ( Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) ) .
It is said that the Imperial Court decided that the government had no political power in the Imperial Court , and it is said that the Tokugawa regime tried to establish the Tokugawa regime .
However , Toshimichi OKUBO , Tomomi IWAKURA and Tomomi IWAKURA , who aimed to overthrow the Shogunate , were issued in December , and Yoshinobu was ordered to be the Minister of the Imperial Palace , and Yoshinobu was ordered to be appointed as Naidaijin ( Minister of the Center ) .
Yoshinobu left Osaka-jo Castle to avoid conflict , and he was sent to foreign countries and sent them to the Imperial Court , and he made a vaceful form to the Imperial Court , and he made a vaceful form to the Imperial Court .
However , in 1868 , the Satsuma Domain raised an army and raised an army in Edo City , and the Aizu Domain and Kuwana Domain in Kyoto .
However , in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi which broke out on January 3 , the former Shogunate army had been unable to take advantage of the military force , and in the case of the war , he retreated to Edo in the " Kaiyo maru " ( a book of Japanese poetry ) and " Kaiyo maru " ( The Rise of the Kaiyo ) .
However , the government army led by Yoshinobu , who was the enemy of the Imperial Court , started the expedition to the east , and the government army led by Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito .
Yoshinobu insisted that he was to suppress the resistance of the resistance of the resistance against Tadayuki OGURI .
In February , he took part in the situation of Kaishu KATSU and confined himself in the Kanei-ji Temple in Kozuke Province .
He was adopted by the head of the Tokugawa family , Kannosuke TAN ( later Iemochi TOKUGAWA ) .
When the negotiations with the Imperial army and the Imperial army , the negotiations with the Imperial army were forced to move to the castle , and they were forced to move to Mito , and they were forced to move to Mito Domain , and they were confined to the house of the domain school .
In July , the Tokugawa family moved to Sunpu , which was transferred to the Tokugawa family .
Enshin HARA ( a feudal retainer of the Mito Domain )
Shiro HIRAOKA ( a vassal of the Tokugawa family )
Saigyo ( Shogun Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA )
Toki TOKI
Chojuro NAKANE ( a vassal of the Tokugawa family )
Magotaro UMEZAWA
Ejuro KAWAKAMI
Chikamochi MATSUDAIRA
In September 1869 , he was dismissed from confinement in the Boshin War .
After that , he was not involved in politics , but he was able to remove his life , such as his photographs , hunting , and so on .
In 1897 , he moved to Sugamo , Tokyo .
In the following year , he visited the Imperial Palace and had an audience with Emperor Meiji .
In 1902 , he was conferred the title of a peerage and the head of the family , and the head of the family .
In 1910 , he transferred the family estate to Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA and retired .
In 1913 , he died .
He died at the age of 77 at the age of 77 , and the head of the successive shogun was the longest .
* It is written on the day of the Tenpo calendar until 1872 .
1847
On September 1 , he inherited the Hitotsubashi family .
December 1 : He changed his name to Yoshinobu .
On the same day , he was appointed to Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) Sakone gon no chujo ( Provisional Middle Captain of the Left Division of Inner Palace Guards ) and Gyobukyo ( Minister of Justice ) .
On December 3 , 1855 , she married Kako , an adopted daughter of Tadataka ICHIJO .
He was appointed to Sangi ( councilor ) .
In 1857 , he became a candidate for the succession of Iesada TOKUGAWA .
In August 1859 , he was confined to confinement in the Ansei no Taigoku ( suppression of Ansei no Taigoku ) .
In September 1860 , he was confined to his house and confinement .
1862
On July 6 , he succeeded the Hitotsubashi family .
On the same day , he assumed the position of Shogun and assumed the position of shogun .
November : He was transferred to Gon Chunagon ( a provisional vice-councilor of state ) .
In December 1863 , he was appointed to the Imperial Court .
1864
On March 9 , he resigned from the post of Chogyo .
On March 25 , he resigned from the post of shogun .
On the same day , he was appointed to the post of the governor of the Imperial Palace , and was appointed to the post of Kaisei-seishi ( Commander-in-Chief of the Imperial Palace ) .
In the Kinmon Incident , he took part in the battle .
1866
On July 30 , he resigned from the post of the governor of the Imperial Palace .
August 20 : He succeeded to the head of the Tokugawa family .
On December 5 , he was appointed to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) and Ukone no daisho ( Major Captain of the Right Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
On the same day , he was appointed as Seii Taishogun .
1867
September : He was transferred to Naidaijin ( Minister of the Center ) .
Retained his position as Ukone no daisho .
On October 14 , he returned to Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) .
On December 9 , he resigned from the post of Seii Taishogun .
April 11 , 1868 : He was dismissed .
On September 28 , 1869 , he was dismissed .
On January 6 , 1872 , he returned to Jushii ( Junior Fourth Rank , Lower Grade ) .
On May 18 , 1880 , he was promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) .
June 20 , 1888 : He was promoted to Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) .
On November 19 , 1897 , he moved to Tokyo .
On March 2 , 1898 , he had an audience with Emperor Meiji ( after Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) ) .
On June 3 , 1902 , he was conferred a peerage .
The head of the Tokugawa family was allowed to establish the establishment of ' Tokugawa Yoshinobu ( a title of a peerage ) . '
Kizokuin ( December 1910 )
1908
On April 30 , he received the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun with the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun .
On December 8 , he retired .
He died on November 22 , 1913 .
On the same day , he was awarded the Grand Cordon of the Rising Sun .
He was in charge of military arts and learning , and he was a great master of swordsmanship , and he was a master of swordsmanship , and he was a master of swordsmanship .
After Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , he was counted among the most famous persons in swordsmanship swordsmanship , and he was counted among the most famous persons in swordsmanship .
It is said that he had a sword when his father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , who had been in the position of the head of the Tokugawa family when he was on the head of the Tokugawa family , was forced to take a tonsure in order to make a sword in order to make a sword , but it is said that the sword was not able to make a sword .
On the other hand , there is an anecdote that he had a wife and his wife , who was the same person as an assassination of the assassination of the assassination of the assassination .
Although it is said that the photograph of Yoshinobu was his childhood , but it is doubtful whether he was a child of Yoshinobu , but it is doubtful whether he was a child of Yoshinobu .
It is said that when Iemochi visited the disease , he visited him , and at that time , it is said that it was a meeting .
He was known for his career , and his real father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , praised Yoshinobu as ' the head of the Tokugawa family , ' and his father , Nariaki TOKUGAWA , praised him as ' the rebel of Tokugawa , ' and he was praised as the shogun to become shogun , and he was praised as the shogun to become shogun .
Yoshinobu , who was also known for the overthrowing of the Shogunate , was also known for the overthrowing of the Shogunate , and Takayoshi KIDO of the Choshu Domain was not known .
He was also said to be the reincarnation of Ieyasu .
Ryoma SAKAMOTO said to the decision of Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , and Ryoma SAKAMOTO said to be the real person .
It is not possible to give it to the situation , but it is not able to pay it .
He gave him a reputation to be the first chief adviser to the new government , so he gave him the position of Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) of the new government .
However , it was from the Meiji period to the Meiji period ( after the death of Ryoma ) .
Although it was not limited to Yoshinobu , the name of Ryoma 's name was very low , and it was very very low than that after the Meiji Restoration .
In the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , he was defeated in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , and he was criticized by the enemy and his enemy .
At that time , there were some people who were forbidden by Ieyasu , but there were some people who were not forbidden to get off , but they could not forget them .
However , there is a theory that it was necessary to prevent the military force in Edo and Musashi Province , and when Yoshinobu became the enemy of the Imperial Court , he was able to defend the Osaka-jo Castle because Yoshinobu was the enemy of the Imperial Court , and therefore , it was necessary to prevent foreign countries to prevent foreign countries .
Since the new government was considered to be the enemy of the new government , it is evaluated that the Emperor and the Imperial Court were highly regarded as a person who had been confined in Kanei-ji Temple and in Kanei-ji Temple , and therefore , it is said that he was a person who was a person who was a person of the Emperor and the Imperial Court , however , he was also said to have been the lord of the Imperial Court , so he was also said to have been the lord of his lord .
It is highly evaluated that the independence of the government was not able to transfer the government to the Meiji Restoration due to the fact that he was forced to move to the government due to the discretion of the discretion of the Imperial family and the surrender of Edo Castle .
Eichi SHIBUSAWA , a businessman , was a vassal of the Tokugawa family , who was a vassal of the Tokugawa family , and after the Meiji Restoration .
In his later years , Shibuzawa tried to make Yoshinobu 's biography , and he started the ' Yume Yai kai ' ( a dream of Yume Yume ) , who had been persuaded by Yoshinobu .
It is written in " Yume Yai Shoki " ( The Record of Yume Yume ) .
In the form of a part of a part of a story , it can be seen in the form of the old age of old age .
When he was born , he was very good at that time , saying , ' Hisamitsu SHIMAZU was very good , but Hisamitsu SHIMAZU , who was not a good person , was a person who was not good , ' and ' Naomasa NABESHIMA was a man . '
It is written in the " Tokugawa Yoshinobu koden " ( a record of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ) after the death of Yoshinobu .
In order to show respect to the Emperor Meiji , who was considered to be the enemy of the Imperial Court , Yoshinobu ordered the Emperor Meiji , who was the highest rank for the peerage , and he told him to be a Shinto ritual .
For this reason , the grave of Yoshinobu was not a member of the Tokugawa family of the Tokugawa family , and a large keyhole-shaped mound was built at the site of the Tokugawa family of the Tokugawa family , and a large keyhole-shaped tomb mound was built in the vicinity of the Tokugawa family .
This was because the Imperial mausoleum of Emperor Komei was a complaint , and it was because the Imperial mausoleum of the Emperor Komei was a complaint . ( " Megawa Yoshinobu Ken " ) .
After he was pardoned , he spent his life to give his life to the former retainers of the former Shogunate , Shizuka ITAKURA , who had been alive , saying , ' I will reregain his action with Yoshinobu . '
Although there was a strong image of ' the enemy ' in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , there was a lot of people who tried to establish a new political system after the Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , and in addition to the broadcasting of the Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , it was also reevaluated , and the TV program of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( NHK Taiga Drama ) was reevaluated .
His father , Nariaki , was a good food , and a pork of the Satsuma Domain was called ' bubu ' ( pork ) .
In addition , in his later years , he was interested in Western culture , and in his later years , he had a good interest in a photographs , such as a photographs , a camphor and a camphin , and he also learned French , and he also learned French , and he was also said to have learned French to French .
It is famous as a ramen , but it seems that the technique of studio was not promoted .
It is said that he was often introduced in photograph magazine , but it is said that he was not adopted .
In addition , the photographs of the great-grandchild , Yoshiyuki TOKUGAWA , was a mechanman , and the photographs was found by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , and the photographs was found by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
His real younger brother , Akitake TOKUGAWA , was his younger brother .
On December 3 , 1859 , she married Kako ICHIJO ( later changed his name to Kako ) .
The eldest daughter ( the daughter of Emperor Gokominin ) was born on July 16 , 1858 , but died young on July 20 .
After that , the child was born between Mimasaka and the eleventh daughter , who was born in the Meiji period , was a daughter of two concubines .
There was a daughter of the seventh son , Yoshihisa , who succeeded to the position of Kin ( a title given to the Emperor ) , and a daughter of the seventh son , Yoshihisa , who succeeded the family of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA and became the wife of the Prince Fushiminomiya Hiroyasu , who was a son-in-law of Kaishu KATSU .
In addition , Yoshihisa 's son , Yoshihisa , was the wife of Imperial Prince Nobuhito , the wife of the Imperial Prince Nobuhito , and the wife of Takamatsu no Miya Imperial Prince Nobuhito .
His lawful wife ( changed his name to Kako ) ( later changed his name to Kako ) ( the daughter of Kinhisa IMADEGAWA and the adopted daughter of Tadataka ICHIJO , the adopted daughter of Tadaka ICHIJO , the adopted daughter of Tadaka ICHIJO from July 19 , 1849 to July 9 , 1894 )
His concubine : Shinobu NISHIMURA ( a daughter of Masataka MATSUDAIRA , a daughter of Masataka MATSUDAIRA , died on February 8 , 1905 ) .
The first son : Keiji ( June 29 , 1871 - May 22 , 1872 )
Chojo : Kagako ( March 23 , 1887 - September 29 , 26 )
3 : Tekko ( December 30 , 1890 - December 10 , 1910 )
fifth son : Masahiro IKEDA ( adopted by Teruko IKEDA , August 25 , 1877 - January 1 , 1948 )
sixth son : Narinari ( August 17 , 1878 - November 28 , 1878 )
The sixth daughter : Yoshiko ( August 24 , 1880 - September 29 , 1880 )
9 : Tsuneko ( January 9 , 1897 - August 18 , 1939 )
The seventh son : Yoshihisa TOKUGAWA ( September 2 , 1884 - January 22 , 1911 )
11 : Hideko ( April 29 , 1911 - July 5 , 1913 )
10th son : Seiyo ( January 20 , 1899 - July 10 , 1918 )
His concubine : Kinyuki NAKANE ( the eldest daughter of Yoshizaburo NAKANE , died on December 29 , 1915 )
Second son : Zenji ( September 8 , 1871 - March 10 , 1872 )
Third son : Takuma ( October 5 , 1872 - July 5 , 1873 )
fourth son : Shigeru TOKUGAWA ( February 21 , 1874 - June 12 , 1930 )
second daughter : Kinshi ( April 3 , 1875 - July 22 , 1875 )
fourth daughter : Shoshi ( December 26 , 1895 to November 30 , 1907 ) , the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA , the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA , the wife of Masaki HACHISUKA , and from July 17 , 1868 to November 30 , 1907
The fifth daughter : Shoko ( August 17 , 1878 - October 8 , 1878 )
The seventh daughter : a son ( married on December 7 , 1895 , the wife of Narifuji MATSUDAIRA , the wife of FUJIWARA no Narinari , September 17 , 1880 - January 13 , 1959 )
The eighth daughter : Kuniko ( May 7 , 1901 to September 11 , 1942 )
The tenth daughter : Itoko ( the wife of Takanaru SHIJO , married in May 19 , 1919 to October 11 , 28 )
The death of a boy ( died on August 22 , 1884 )
eighth son : Nei ( September 22 , 1885 - July 2 , 1886 )
The ninth son : Tokugawa ( October 31 , 1887 - November 11 , 43 )
The death of her death : a woman ( died on June 2 , 1891 )
His concubine : Yoshio ( a daughter of Tatsugoro NIKATA )
Passenger
" The last Shogun - Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA " ( Ryotaro SHIBA )
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA "
Film
" Mibu Yoshishi den " ( 2003 ) : Established by Hiroaki ITO .
Passenger
" Ryoma Yuru Yu ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 1968 , NHK Taiga Drama ) ( NHK Taiga Drama )
" O-oku ( Television Television ) , 1968 , " ( 1968 ) , " Television Television " ( 1968 )
" Kaishu Kaishu ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 1974 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Hanagami ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 1977 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Ryoma Yu Yu Yu Yu Yu " ( 1982 ) , published by TV Tokyo Shintoichi Geki ( dramatic drama ) ( 1982 )
" O-oku " ( Television Television ) , 1983 , and " Television Television " ( 1983 )
" Shirate-tai ( Japanese TV drama drama ) " ( 1986 ) ( NHK Television Television Television ) ( 1986 )
" Hana no Ii Tairo " ( The Illustrated Eight of the Present ) , " Sakuradamon " ( 1988 ) , and " Nichigan no Iko " ( a TV drama , a TV drama , a TV drama )
" Goryokaku ( TV drama ) " ( 1988 , the TV program of the TV program ) : Nobuyuki ISHIDA
" Shojo Yunyo " ( 1990 , NHK Taiga Drama ) ( 1990 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Kaishu Kaishu ( Television drama ) " ( 1990 , the TV program of TV drama ) : Masahiko KAGAWA
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 1998 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" O-oku ( Television Television ) 2003 " ( 2003 ) , production and works ( in 2003 , Television Television , Television Television )
" Also , the name of the family name was also written by the name of the name of the lord of the residence of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and " Okuri no suke " ( a person who was a magistrate in the end of the Edo period ) ( 2003 , a TV program , a performer : Tetsu HIMOTSUMA )
" Shinsengumi ! ! " ( 2004 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Atsuhime ( NHK Taiga Drama ) " ( 2008 , NHK Taiga Drama )
" Yume Yai Shoki " ( The Record of Yume Yume )
" Tokugawa Yoshinobu Ken " ( Eisichi SHIBUSAWA )
" Meiji - Tokugawa Yoshinobu " ( Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ) , the Asahi Shimbun Company , ISBN 402255555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555
Notes
The Nara Line ( Kyoto Prefecture ) is a railway line of West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) that runs from Kizu Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) from Kizugawa City , Kyoto Prefecture ( Kyoto Prefecture ) and Kyoto Station , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The entire line is included in the suburban area of the city .
As a branch line of the Kansai Main Line , it is officially used as the line of Kizu Station , but the trains bound for Kizu Station to Kizu Station ( the number of train numbers ) , which are operated by the train trains ( the number of trains ) are used .
The following are the following lines , except for the section between Kyoto and Kizu .
The color color is a color of green tea , and it is said that the reason for the selection is said to be the image of the old capital of the old capital .
jurisdiction ( subsidiary ) : West Japan Railway Company ( railway business )
The distance distance ( kilometers ) : 434 km
Track line : 1067mm
Number of stations : 19 ( including the end of the station )
The track section : The section between Nitta and Uji , and JR Fujimori - Kyoto
Electrified section : The entire line ( 1500V )
Block ( railway ) : Automatic block system ( a track section ) , a single track ( a single track ) , and a single track ( a single track )
Passenger equipment : automatic train train .
The Committee : Shin-Osaka General Committee
The highest speed speed : 110km / h ( track section ) : 95 km / h ( track section )
The Kyoto Branch of the West Japan Railway Company ( Kizu Station ) is under the control of the West Japan Railway Company ( Kizu Station ) , which is operated by the West Japan Railway Company .
The line between Kyoto Station and Kizu Station is called the Nara Line , but the entire section is located in Kyoto Prefecture , and there is no route in Nara Prefecture .
This was because the Nara Railway was constructed by Nara Railway , and after the Kansai Railway was merged into the Kansai Railway , the section between Osaka and Nagoya was separated from Osaka to Nagoya .
However , the trains run from Kizu Station to the Kansai Main Line ( Yamatoji Line ) and Nara Station , Nara Prefecture .
In March 13 , 1988 , JR West ( JR Kyoto Line and JR Kobe Line ) was established , but the Nara Line was sent to the Nara Line , but the Nara Line was found .
Because the Kintetsu Nara Line is operated by Kintetsu Nara Line , it is sometimes called ' JR Nara Line . '
In Japan National Railways ( Japan National Railways ) , it was designated as the ' Nara Line of Japan National Railways , ' and the English name of the announcement was added .
The Kintetsu Nara Line is a relationship with the Yamatoji Line , and the JR Nara Line is a relationship with the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
The Keihan Uji Line and Kintetsu Kyoto Line had been operated by many trains , but the Nara Line was not electrified by the JNR / JR Limited Express Series 105 , but the electrification of JNR / JR Limited Express Series 105 was not only for a while in the JNR / JR Railways Series 105 .
However , when JR West was inaugurated , the number of trains began to increase the trains of trains , including four cars of the train , and the trains of the trains were made in the middle of the train , and the trains of the trains were made to increase the rapid trains such as ' Miyako Rapid Service , ' and ' Miyako Rapid Service ' and so on , and the rapid trains such as ' Miyako Rapid Service . '
At present , there is a strong sense of nature , such as the Byodo-in Temple in Uji City , which is located along the line , and the area of Kyoto Prefecture and the southern part of Kyoto Prefecture .
However , in the section between Momoyama Station and Nitta Station , the section between Momoyama and Nitta has a different difference between the Kyoto Line and the Kyoto Line of the Kyoto Line , which runs from the center of the center of the town .
The cars of the Nara Train Line used for the Nara Train Line are used for the Nara Train Line , but the station building is managed by the Kyoto branch of the station .
The Suica and the East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) , ICOCA , and the East Japan Railway Company ( JR Central ) can be used at all stations , and the PiTaPa card can be used by the TTOICA of the East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) .
In the south of the Joyo Station , it is easy to use a simple ticket gate .
In 1984 , the express train , ' Kuroshiro ( train ) , ' which was operated by the Nara Line and the Sakurai Line , was abolished , and the train was operated by local trains , but the limited express trains were operated by local trains , and the limited express trains were operated by local trains , such as rapid trains , rapid trains , rapid trains , and local trains , and the local trains were operated by local trains , such as Rapid Service Rapid Service , rapid trains , and local trains .
It is operated in the daytime in the Nara Line , which is operated between the daytime .
Basically , the trains are operated at the station of 30 minutes , and the local trains are operated at Uji Station .
The nickname ' Miyako Rapid Service ' was decided by public public .
As a result of the tourist tourist , many tourists use Japan as a train that connects Kyoto and Nara .
The cars are operated by JR West 221 series cars , and four cars are operated with four cars and six cars .
The speed speed is operated at 110km / h , and other than 95 km / h .
The standard required time is about 44 minutes , and the Kyoto Kyoto Station is about about 47 minutes , and the Kyoto Kyoto Station is about 47 minutes .
There is a little difference between the trains bound for Kyoto for Kyoto for Kyoto Station and the Tanakura Station and the Tanakura Station , and in order to pass through the Nara route , there is a little difference between the trains bound for Nara .
On the day of the New Year 's Day , the construction of Inari Station temporarily stop at Inari Station on the New Year 's Day .
History
March 3 , 2001 : The operation started .
March 15 , 2003 : The station began to stop at Tofuku-ji Station , Tamizu Station , and Tamizu Station .
It is operated during the morning and evening rush hours .
The station stops at the JR Ogura Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) , which is operated by the JR Ogura Station , which is operated by the JR Ogura Line .
The cars are operated on 221 cars , and four cars are operated with four cars and six cars .
Basically , the trains are operated at the station of 30 minutes , and the local trains are operated at Uji Station .
As for the Yamatoji Rapid Service , the Yamatoji Rapid Service is located on the same way as the Yamatoji Rapid Service .
In March 2001 , ' Miyakoji Rapid Service ' was used in the section between Kyoto and Uji , and the section between Kizu and Joyo , and the train was used in the Nara Line , but it was not used in the Nara Line , but it was not used in the Nara Line .
In the morning and evening , there is a train running through the Yamatoji Line to the Yamatoji Line .
It is operated between the morning and night .
At first , only on weekdays was only on weekdays , but since March 18 , 2006 , the timetable was operated on Saturdays and holidays .
In the section between Uji and Nara , there is a rapid train bound for Uji Station , but the rapid train bound for Uji Station has been changed , but it is changed to the timetable that the rapid train bound for Uji Station has been changed , but it is changed to the timetable that trains run through the section between Uji Station .
There are only 221 series cars that use a single train in Kyoto Station on the Saturday and holidays , and all of them are operated by 221 trains .
During the morning rush hour , trains run directly from the Yamatoji Line to the Yamatoji Line .
The rapid train of the Nara Line was used as a rapid train for the Yamatoji Rapid Service Rapid Service and the same color as ' Miyako Rapid Service , ' but in March 2008 , the timetable was used as the same color as the color of the same color , but in March 2008 , the timetable of the rapid train was not used as the color of the train , and in March 2008 it was not used .
It is described in the section between Kamikoma Station and north of the station .
It is operated between Kyoto and Uji , Joyo , and Nara .
During the daytime , the section between Kyoto Station and Joyo Station was operated between Kyoto and Joyo , but the Joyo - Kizu section became 30 minutes .
The cars are operated in 103 cars , but some trains are operated by 221 cars .
There are some trains running on the Yamatoji Line to the early morning and midnight .
In the past , some trains running from the Sakurai Line were divided into the Nara Line and the Sakurai Line on September 4 , 1994 .
Some trains are operated on the Nara Line , but the limited express trains are operated .
From 1987 to 1988 , it was operated by the Kansai Main Line , the Kansai Main Line and the Hanwa Line , which was operated by JNR , from 1988 to 1989 , and the Kansai Main Line , the Kansai Main Line and the Hanwa Line , operated by the Kansai Main Line and the Hanwa Line .
In January 6 , 1998 , it was announced that the limited express train was operated by the Nara Line ( as a regular train ) in the Nara Line ( as a regular train ) , but the plan was suspended , but the plan was stopped .
There was a period when the section between Kyoto Station and Sakurai Station ( between Kyoto and Nara between Kyoto and Nara ) was operated by Kyoto and Sakurai Station , but it was not operated by the Sakurai Line .
In the middle of August , the Uji-gawa River , which was held at the end of Uji Station , was held , but the timetable was operated at 16 : 00 to the end of the timetable , and the train was operated only about 10 minutes , and all trains were operated between Kyoto and Uji , and the train was operated only about 10 minutes , and all trains were operated between Kyoto and Uji .
There are some local trains that arrive at Kizu Station .
On the first day of the New Year 's New Year 's New Year , the first day of the New Year 's New Year 's Day , the rapid trains stop at each station of Kyoto and Uji Station , and in addition to the number of rapid trains to Uji , the number of trains has increased .
In the year , the station was operated by the station of Momoyama Station .
In 1992 , a direct train to the Sakurai Line was extended to the Sakurai Line , and one hour was operated between Tenri Station and 1 hour .
In addition , there is also a special train that is operated by Japan .
In particular , in the Tenri Daisai Festival ( the Great Festival of Amitabha ) on October 26 , the train is called ' Tenri Station , ' which is operated by Kyoto Station from Kyoto Station to the Nara Line and the Sakurai Line to the Nara Line and the Sakurai Line from Kyoto Station to the Nara Line .
It is a member of Nara Electric Railway .
JR West 221 series
There are two cars and four cars of the Yamatoji Line and the Osaka Loop Line , and two cars , four cars , and six cars .
It is mainly used mainly for four cars and six cars , but the Nara Line is mainly used in the Nara Line , but the Nara Line is mainly used in the Nara Line .
The train has two cars and two cars , and it is scheduled to be used for the timetable .
JNR / JR Limited Express Series 103
It is used for local trains in the Nara Line , but in the Nara Line , the trains are operated by the Nara Line , but also in the Osaka Loop Line and the Yamatoji Line in the Osaka Loop Line , the trains are also operated on the Osaka Loop Line and the Yamatoji Line of the Yamatoji Line .
Some cars were replaced by the Osaka Loop Line , which was replaced by the Osaka Loop Line .
The section between Kyoto Station and Kizu Station between Kyoto Station and Nara Station was opened , but the line between Kyoto and Momozama Station had been connected to the current Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
On the same day in 1921 , the line between Kyoto Station and Kyoto Station was changed to the Nara Line , which was operated by the Tokaido Main Line and the Higashiyama Tunnel via the Higashiyama Tunnel , and the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was abolished , and the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was abolished and the section between Kyoto and Fushimi was discontinued .
Later , the former site of the former line between Kyoto and Fushimi was sold to the Kintetsu Kyoto Line , which was the predecessor of the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
August 18 , 1879 : The section between Kyoto and Inari Station ( later the Tokaido Main Line ) was opened as the section between Kyoto Station and Otani Station ( Shiga Prefecture ) .
Inari Station opened .
September 5 , 1895 : The section between Kyoto Station and Fushimi Station ( 3 miles ) was opened and the section between Kyoto Station and Fushimi Station was opened .
Fushimi Station opened .
Kyoto Station is operated by the government .
November 3 : The section between Fushimi and Momozama ( 19C  2.19 km ) was extended .
Momoyama Station opened .
January 25 , 1896 : The section between Momoyama Station and Tamamizu Station ( 1246  2.24 km ) was extended .
Kibata Station , Uji Station , Nitta Station , Tamizu Station and Tamizu Station opened .
March 13 : The Tamizu Station - Kizu section ( 45C  7.44 km ) was extended .
Tanakura Station and Kizu Station opened .
April 18 : The section between Kizu and Nara was extended to the section between Kyoto and Nara .
April 21 : To-ji Station opened .
April 1 , 1897 : The station was renamed as Shichijo Station .
May 3 , 1902 : Kamikoma Station opened .
November 12 : The unit of distance distance was simplified with a millet and chain ( 226.6M ) .
February 7 , 1905 : Nara Railway was transferred to Kansai Railway .
October 1 , 1907 : Kansai Railway Company was nationalized .
August 1 , 1908 : Shichijo Station was integrated into Kyoto Station .
October 12 , 1909 : The line between Kizu and Kyoto was established and the Nara Line was the Nara Line .
December 19 , 1910 : Uji-gawa signal station was established between Uji and Kibata .
June 20 , 1913 : Hachijo signal station was established between Fushimi and Kyoto .
November 5 : The Uji-gawa River was abolished .
August 15 , 1914 : Hachijo signal station was abolished .
March 20 , 1921 : Uji-gawa River was established between Uji and Kibata .
August 1 : The section between Kyoto Station and Fushimi Station ( 3.3 M  5.31 km ) was abolished .
The operation of the passenger service between Fushimi and Momoyama ( 1.1 M  1.77 km ) was abolished .
The Kyoto Station and Inari section ( 1.8 M  2.90 km ) was incorporated into the Nara Line .
Inari - Momoyama period ( 2.6 M  4.18 km ) was opened .
April 1 , 1922 : The Uji-gawa River was changed to Uji-gawa River signal station .
February 13 , 1926 : The Umebayashi Express temporary station was opened .
April 1 : The Uji-gawa River was abolished .
September 3 , 1928 : The line between Momoyama - Fushimi Station was discontinued .
Fushimi Station was abolished .
April 1 , 1930 : The unit of distance distance was changed ( 2.6M to 434 km ) .
December 1 , 1933 : The station was upgraded to Aoya-bayashi Station , and the station was upgraded to Oyatani Station .
July 15 , 1955 : The Yamaga Station commenced operation .
December 27 , 1957 : Tofuku-ji Station opened .
July 11 , 1958 : Joyo Station opened .
April 21 , 1961 : Obaku Station opened .
March 2 , 1982 : The operation of the train service was started .
October 1 , 1984 : The section between Kyoto and Kizu ( between Kyoto and Nara ) was electrified .
The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 105 was operated by the JNR / JR Limited Express Series 113 .
The express train was abolished ( via Kyoto - Wakayama , Nara , Sakurai Line , Sakurai Line , Sakurai Line , and Wakayama Line ) .
April 1 , 1987 : Due to the division and privatization of JNR , the West Japan Railway Company was succeeded by the West Japan Railway Company .
The Japan Freight Railway Company became a railway company .
March 16 , 1991 : Rapid trains operated by the 117 series started .
October 22 , 1992 : Rokujizo Station opened .
The Joyo Station became a rapid train station .
September 4 , 1994 : The 105 series cars were withdrew .
( It is operated by the Sakurai Line and the Wakayama Line . )
March 8 , 1997 : JR Fujimori Station opened .
May 10 , 1999 : Rokujizo Station became a stop station .
March 3 , 2001 : The section between Kyoto Station and JR Fujima Station became a double-track section .
JR Ogura Station commenced operation .
The operation of ' Miyako Rapid Service ' was started by the rapid train and 221 series cars .
October 1 : The Tofuku-ji Temple Station became a rapid train and rapid trains .
March 15 , 2003 : Tofuku-ji Temple Station and Tamizu Station became a stop at Miyako Station and Tamizu Station became a stop .
April 1 : The second railway line of Japan Freight Railway was abolished .
April 23 , 2008 : The train was introduced in the Yamashiro Aoyani Station and Kizu section .
April 27 : The ATS system was introduced in ATS and Yamashiro-Yotani Station .
April 30 : The ATS system was introduced between Kyoto and Obaku .
The JR Fujimori Station and Uji Station between the line and the station of the station has been a high level , but there are no concrete evidence , but there are no concrete evidence .
In addition , the Keihan Uji Line , which is operated by the JR Fujimori Station - Momoyama Station , is difficult to secure the area along the Keihan Uji Line ( near Obaku Station ) and the Keihan Uji Line ( near Obaku Station ) .
Because of the shortage of the budget , it is the lowest of the Sagano Line ( the Sanin Main Line - Sonobe Station ) , which is the highest level of the line , and the line of the Sagano Line ( the Sanin Main Line - Sonobe Station ) .
In the Kinki Region Committee , a plan to run directly from the Tokaido Main Line ( JR Kyoto Line ) and the direct operation of the Tokaido Main Line ( in the midnight of the New Year 's Eve ) , was investigated , and it was already completed .
Uji City is planned to build a new station between Obaku Station and Uji Station .
Nakatsukasa Station is located in the section between Rokujizo Station and Uji Station ( JR West ) .
It is a business station of Kyoto Station .
Kyoto Station ( 0.00 km ) - Hachijo temporary station ( 0.80 km ) - - Fushimi Station ( 5.3km ) - Fushimi Station ( 5.3km ) - - Momoyama Station ( 7.3km )
It is a business station of Kyoto Station .
Uji-gawa River Signal Station - Obaku - Uji section ( approximately 13 km )
Keiji Bypass is a highway road that is located in Kumiyama-cho , Kusatsu City , Shiga Prefecture to Kumiyama-cho , Kuse-gun , Shiga Prefecture .
It is designated as a plan for the local governments .
The following is described as follows : Keiji Bypass , the Keiji Bypass , and the National Highway Route No. 24 and National Highway Route No. 24 .
It has been integrated with the Meishin Expressway and the city of the city of Otsu City , and the city of the city of Otsu City and the Osaka City area to the Osaka City and the Osaka City area and the Osaka City area .
According to the law , the section between Seta Higashi Interchange and Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange is National Route No. 1 , National Route 478 , and Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange , Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange and Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki JCT / Kumiyama Interchange ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki Junction ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki Junction ( National Highway Route ) , and Oyamazaki Junction ( National Highway Route ) .
As a result of the plan , the route between Kyoto and Kyoto City , which was the National Highway Route No. 9 and Kyoto City , was built , and the Kyoto National Route 9 , the Kyoto Prefectural Road and the Keiji Bypass , which had the same function as the Kyoto City Road , was built .
The Kyoto Loop Expressway and the Kyoto Second Loop Expressway are designated as National Route 478 , and it has been continued .
According to the card , the use of the train is used for the use of passengers , and the Keiji Bypass is considered to be the Keiji Bypass , the Keiji Bypass .
In addition , there are no difference between the two types of tournaments and the Keiji Bypass and the Keiji Bypass system and the ETC system .
In this case , there is no special feature of the business business , and the Keiji Bypass ( Seta Interchange of the Seta Higashi Interchange ) described as the name of the business .
The origin of the point : Oe-cho , Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
The total length is 18.9 kilometers
Trains of four cars
The maximum speed of 80 kilometers
It was completed on August 15 , 2050 .
Shiga Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Uji City - Kumiyama Town , Kuze County - Yawata City - Otokuni-gun - Otokuni-gun
National Route 1 : Bound for Keiji Bypass - Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange - Kumiyama Interchange
National Route 478 : Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange - Oyamazaki Junction - Oyamazaki Junction
Chuo Expressway : The name of the National Highway Expressway : The section of the section of the National Highway Expressway - Kumiyama-Yodo Interchange
The number of the IC number of the number of the route is the section of the road to be used for transportation .
In addition , the facilities of the facilities are not used for facilities .
The name of the line is not a special example of the city , municipalities .
West Japan Expressway Company , Kansai Expressway , Ibaraki Station , Ibaraki Station
( The section between Ibaraki Station and the Kyoto Higashi Interchange of the Meishin Expressway ) is located in the section between the Meishin Expressway and the Suita JCT , the second Keihan Road , and the Keinawa Expressway . )
August 29 , 1988 : The Seta Interchange and JCT - Ogura-dori Interchange opened .
March 30 , 2003 : Ogura-do Interchange - Kumiyama Junction opened .
As a result , it is unified as a special highway for other Japanese roads ( current Cinema ) .
August 10 , 2003 : The section between Kumiyama Junction - Oyamazaki JCT was opened .
December 24 , 2003 : Oyamazaki Interchange opened .
Fiscal year 2005 : The weekdays of the weekdays and the weekdays of 24 hours in the weekdays .
Oyamazaki Interchange / JCT - Kumiyama-Yodo Station , 29,136
The Uji Tunnel is the most longest among the National Highway Route No. 1 , and the tunnel of the Tunnel is prohibited from the section between the Uji Interchange and Kasatori Interchange , and the line of the train is prohibited .
In the vicinity of Mt . Kumiyama , the film " Dai Daisai-sama THEIEIEIEIEIEIEEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEN " was carried out .
In the Seta Higashi Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange , JCT and JCCT , the trains bound for Keiji Bypass via Keiji Bypass is short , and the trains bound for Keiji Bypass via Keiji Bypass is short , and the trains bound for Keiji Bypass via Keiji Bypass .
Because there are no facilities for passengers , there are many facilities such as the Meishin Expressway ( the Seta Higashi - Oyamazaki Station ) , which is often confused with the Meishin Expressway , and there are two offices of the Meishin Expressway , which are operated by the Otsu Service and the Katsura-gawa River . )
However , it is the structure of the Sando-Higashi and Oyamazaki-ryo JCT ( especially , the structure of Oyamazaki Junction ) , which is the structure of the name of a deity ( especially known as Oyamazaki Junction ) .
There is a conclusion that the route to the route to the route between the Scenic Expressway and the Osaka area to Suita Station and Osaka Station can be interrupted .
On the way , there are no number of people who do not function as a bypass of the Meishin Expressway , because there are few people who do not have a trend .
This road is an automated road for automatories , and it is not an automated road for the National Route 1 ( National Route 1 ) .
In the case of the Keiji Bypass in the Uji-gawa River , the Keiji Bypass in the Uji-gawa River and the Osaka area is not available .
The Uji Higashi Interchange is a IC Interchange .
For this reason , the section between the Uji Interchange and Uji Interchange is often traffic , and the general road between the Uji Interchange and the Uji Interchange .
In this section , the section of the road is not a complicated section , so it is not difficult to avoid traffic .
Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture - Kumiyama Town , Kuze County ( the end of the end )
Refer to the section on the west of Kumiyama-cho and the west side of the Kyoto University .
The upper side is the end of the end , and the end is the end of the end .
On the left side , the right side is placed on the right side .
Fiscal year 2005 : The weekdays of the weekdays and the weekdays of 24 hours in the weekdays .
Yosagura , Tsu City , 13,137
Akiyama-cho , Kuze County , 35,493
National Land Transportation Bureau , National Highway Office ( Shiga Prefecture )
The Kyoto National Highway Co . , Ltd . , Kyoto National Highway , Kyoto National Highway , Kyoto Prefectural Road , Kyoto Prefecture , Kyoto Prefecture
The Kyoto National Highway Co . , Ltd . , the Kyoto National Highway Co . , Ltd . ( National Route 478 )
Higashi Hongan-ji Temple is a Buddhist temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) located in Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture .
It is the head temple of the Otani school of the Shinshu sect , which is the head temple of the Otani school of the Shinshu sect , and is the head temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , along with Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ( the head temple of the Hongan-ji school of the Jodo Shinshu sect ) .
His formal name was ' Hongan-ji Temple ' in 1987 , and after the same year , it was called ' Shinshu Honbyo . '
In order to distinguish it from Nishi Hongan-ji Temple in Shimogyo Ward , it is often called ' Higashi san . '
( For details about the history of Hongan-ji Temple , refer to the history of Hongan-ji Temple . )
The twelfth head priest of Hongan-ji Temple ( Koju ) was given the territory of Hongan-ji Temple by Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , and in 1602 when Hongan-ji Temple was divided into two groups , Noriyuki opened .
It was located in Shichijo Shichijo , Shimogyo Ward , Kyoto City , and it came to be called the Higashi Hongan-ji Temple to the east of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple .
In 1987 , Hongan-ji Temple was dissolved as a religious corporation of the Otani school , and the religious corporation was established as a religious corporation .
After that , the official name of Higashi Hongan-ji Temple was the official name of the ' Shinshu Honbyo ' ( the teachings of the founder of the sect ) , and it became the ' Handokage ' ( the teachings of Shinran 's teachings ) , and it became the ' Hagorage ' ( the teachings of Shinran 's teachings ) .
It is also referred to as the Hongan-ji school of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , which is distinguished from the Jodo Shinshu sect Hongan-ji school .
Oto ( east )
In the Edo period , there was a fire in the Edo period , and there was a lot of many existing buildings , such as ' fire , ' and ' the temple of Hongan-ji Temple ' was rebuilt in the Meiji period , but many of the buildings were rebuilt in the Meiji period .
The Goei-do hall dedicated to Shinran Shonin is the largest wooden architecture of the world ( the construction of the protection of the roof ) .
Also , the Miyodo gate is one of Sanmon Sanmon gate ( Sanmon gate ) .
It is owned by Shinran Shinseki ( a national treasure ) ( a national treasure ) , which is owned by Shinran .
The corporation of the land near the border of the land is a place of the country .
The current head priest is Koaki OTANI ( Joyo ) .
National Treasure
Important Cultural Property
Take the Kyoto Municipal Subway , Kyoto City Subway , Kyoto City Subway .
University
Otani University
Kyoto Mitsukuro Women 's University
Osaka University
Dotei University
Nagoya style art University
Nagoya University
Aichi University
Aichi Shinjo University
The Third High School of the Former School is the former High School , the predecessor of Kyoto University .
Its abbreviation is ' Sanka . '
The first head of the school was Hikichi KURITA .
In 1869 , he was established in Osaka .
The name was changed .
1870 : The Chemical Office = > Kaisei = > Kaisei = >
1872 : The first school of the University of Education , the First Chapter of the University of Education
1873 : The first school of the third university school - > Kaimei Gakko - > opened .
In 1874 , Osaka Gakko Gakko ( Osaka School of Foreign Studies ) - > Osaka English School
In 1879 , he was appointed as Osaka Gakko .
1880 : Osaka Junior High School .
In 1885 , the University of Education was established in 1886 , and the Third High School was established in 1886 .
In 1887 , he was appointed as the Third High School of Medicine ( Eisaku City , Okayama Prefecture ) and was the third High School of Medicine .
The main course was inaugurated by the Department of Education .
1889 : It was relocated to Kamigyo Ward , Osaka City ( present-day Chuo Ward , Osaka City ) to Kamigyo Ward , Kyoto City ( present Sakyo Ward ) .
In addition to the former Faculty of Medicine , the Faculty of Law was established .
In 1893 , he was promoted to the Third High School of the Third High School .
The course of the course of course was abolished and the course of course was abolished .
It was established in the Faculty of Engineering .
The establishment of the Kyoto Imperial University ( in 1897 ) was established in the University of Education ( the restoration of education for the university ) .
He was abolished in the Faculty of Law ( officially issued in 1901 ) .
The Faculty of Medicine ( 1901 ) was in Okayama University .
In 1949 , the former Kyoto University ( Kyoto Imperial University ) , Kyoto University , and Kyoto University , were integrated into Kyoto University of Kyoto University , and the school was established by the Kyoto University .
In 1950 , the last graduation graduates from the Third High School was officially abolished .
1954 : The school was renamed as Kyoho .
In 1991 , the school was established in the Faculty of Environment and the Graduate School of Environmental Studies .
1992 : The Faculty of Letters was reorganized into the Faculty of Letters .
The Normal School was abolished .
2003 : Graduate School of Letters and Environmental Studies were integrated .
Refer to the school system .
Amaterasu Omikami is a god ( Shinto god ) who appears in Japanese mythology .
In " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , ' Tensho ' is called ' Ama , ' and ' Amaterasu ' is referred to as ' Aomaki . '
It is considered that the god of the sun is the god of the sun , and is said to be one of the Imperial Family 's ancestors ( the ancestor of the Imperial Family ) .
According to " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , it is written as Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) and " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
He was also known as Ohiurume no kami .
According to " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , there are several names of gods in " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) .
There is a theory that he was a female god , but it is also said that he was a god .
Since the name of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is used in political parts such as " Kotaijingu Gishicho " ( a register of shrines in the Imperial Court ) , it is also said that the original name of Mamimusubi was originally the ancestor of Takamimusubi , and it is also said that it was originally the god of Takamimusubi , and it is said that it was originally the god of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
In the Ise-jingu Shrine , it is also called Amatamesususume no Okami , or the god of the shrine , and when the shrine is held , it is also called Amatamesususumatsusumatsuhiko .
Today , it is currently used as a historical document .
There is also a theory that it was written in ancient times .
Description in mythology
According to " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , Izanagi returned from Yomi , Izanagi , and he was born in the left hand when he washed his left hand .
He was called Susanoo , who was born from the right to the right , and was called Sankiko .
At that time , Izanagi ordered Amaterasu Omikami to rule Takamanohara .
Susanoo , who was entrusted to the sea , was banished by Izanagi , because Izanagi had been sent to the country of Izanami .
Susanoo went to the country , but she was in Takamanohara , where his older sister , Amaterasu Omikami , went to Takamanohara , but Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was a younger brother of Takamanohara .
In order to prove the purification of Susanoo , the god of the five pillars of the three pillars of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) and Susano ( three gods ) were born in order to prove the victory of Susanoo , and Susanoo was born .
It was born from the fact that Amaterasu Omikami was born from the fact that Amaterasu Omikami was the son of Amaterasu Omikami .
Amenooshihomimi
Amenohohi
Amatsuhikone
Kusuhikuhikone
Kumanosubi
Susanoo , who had been good at this time , worked hard in Takamanohara , and became the god of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
In the past , various disasters occurred in the world .
( Chichibu no kami , Chichibu no kami , the god of Chichibu , and the gods of the heaven and the gods of the heavenly gods ) , succeeded in making the Ame no kami ( the god of heaven ) , and Susanoo succeeded to the Iwato no kami , and Susanoo was expelled from Takamanohara .
When Amenooshihomimi , who was born in Ashihara no nakatsukuni , sent the Amatsukami ( god of heaven ) .
When Ashihara no Nakatsukuni was conquered , Ninigi was born in the place of Amenooshihomimi , but the grandson of Ninigi was born .
Translation
In the mythology , there is a view that Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was born in the mythology , asked him to be a divine spirit of the god , and in the story , Amaterasu Omikami is considered to be a divine spirit of the emperor .
Also , there is a view that it is a shrine maiden in ancient times .
It is also known as ' Himehime ' ( literally , a woman of the sun ) , and is a shrine maiden who served the sun god .
There is a theory that the sun god was originally a male god , but there is a theory that the shrine maiden became the god of the sun and became a female god .
In addition , there is a theory that this god was the Emperor Jito , who was a female god , and it is also said that Himiko was the model of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
It is pointed out that the birth of the god of the god of the sun and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon and the moon of the moon , and " The Golden Site of the Present " ( the first half of the seventh century ) , " The Past of the Left " ( the first half of the seventh century ) , " The Gettle of the Left " ( the beginning of the seventh century ) , " The eyes of the right of the left , " " The Tale of the Left , " and " The Past of the Left " ( the beginning of the seventh century ) .
It is said that the term " Usuki " ( literally , " the god of the Ise-jingu Shrine " ) , the Ise-jingu Shrine , and Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( Saigu Shrine ) , Saigu ( the Imperial Household Agency ) , Shikiheie ( a kind of silk fabric ) , Shikiheie ( a traditional Japanese court dance ) , and Shikiheie ( a kind of purification ) , which are also classified into the deities of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and Usuzake ( a kind of silk ) .
According to the mythology , the mythology of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is the mythology that the mythology of the birth of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , which has been written in the old period ( 3 - 4 ) .
There is also a theory that it is a mysterious Japanese mythology that spread in Japan as a result of the history of the history of the history of Japan , because it is a mysterious mysterious myth .
According to " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , there is a theory that the shrine was changed into three times .
The following is the case of the incident , and the contents are shown below .
645 : The Taika Reforms .
The Emperor 's family is not enshrined in the Imperial Family before this .
The ' sun ' ( literally , ' sun ' ) , ' Taiyo ' ( literally , ' the sun ' )
The male god called ' Maro ' was also enshrined .
In the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , there is a shrine named ' Ama no Tono ' ( Marutamaru ) , ' Ama no masu ' in Harima Province , ' Amamatama no Mikoto ' in Tanba , ' Tenjitama no Mikoto , ' and ' Amamatama no Mikoto . '
Incidentally , it is also known as Amatateru no Mikoto , a grandson of Amaterasu , and Amenohibari is the founder of the Owari clan , the Tsutsuji clan , and the Nabe clan .
The younger brother of Amenohibari , who was the great-grandfather of Emperor Jinmu , was the great-grandfather of Emperor Jinmu .
672 : The Jinshin War was the Jinshin War .
" Oohimome " ( literally , " a woman who is the sun goddess " ) , ' a woman who is a daughter of the sun , ' ' Tanaka no kami ' ( a daughter of the sun god ) .
In this case , it is interpreted that the enshrined deity is a god of a god , and is interpreted as ' Marutamaru , ' a god of the body .
698 : The shrine was founded .
It is ' Amaterasu , the ancestor of the Emperor and the emperor . '
She is a female god .
As a model for Empress Jito , it was created as a model for the gods of gods .
Even after that , ' Tensho ' other than the ancestor of the Imperial family was called ' Marutamaru . '
For example , ' Tensho no kami ' is written as ' Tensho ' in " Sarashina Nikki " ( 1060 ) , and the part of ' Amaterasu Omikami ' ( literally , ' the god of heaven ) ' is used as ' Amaterasu Omikami ' in " The former Kujihongi " ( Ancient Japanese History ) .
In 1880 - 1881 , there was a debate on the Shinto religion in the Shinto religion , which occurred in the Shinto religion , which was established in Hibiya in Tokyo .
The Shinto office of Shinto was built as the enshrined deity of the Shinto shrine , and the four pillars of the gods were enshrined in the Shinden ( the main hall ) of the Bureau of Shinto Shrines and the four pillars of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and the ' Izumo-ha ' ( the Izumo school ) , which is the same as ' the world of the world , ' and ' the five pillars of the Izumo school , ' ' the world of the world , ' and ' the god of the world ' ( the world of the world ) .
However , the ' Ise school ' who played the central role of the Shinto office was a ' Tenchi Daishu ' ( the Great Buddha of the Heaven ) , which was the ' Tenchi Daishu ' ( Great Buddha of the Great Buddha ) , which was a vassal of Kenyu and the other gods , and the other gods insisted that the two gods would not be a subject .
In the fruit , there were various theories about various theories , such as ' The school of the Izumo school has been unable to kill the Imperial Family , ' and ' the Imperial Family should be killed by the Imperial Family . '
Before long , the dispute was taken by the Emperor Meiji , and the gods of Amaterasu Omikami became the highest rank in the highest rank .
In addition , it is said that the government recognized that the government could not control the common people directly by the Meiji Government , and it is said that the modern nation would control the people directly by the modern nation .
Please refer to the section on the Shinto Shinto Shinto Office .
When Ryunosuke AKUTAGAWA appeared in his novel , he was also called ' Ohomuruchi . '
This is because the name ' Tensho Okami ' ( Amaterasu Omikami ) is the name of the ancestor of the Emperor , and it is because the sun goddess and the god of the sun ( the sun god ) can be seen in the Bunchu .
In fact , there is a lot of people who did not have a large number of troops by disembowelment of the army in the novel of AKUTAGAWA .
Koatsu YASUOKA ( 1898 - 1983 ) , who was established in the Konchigakuin School ( 1898 - 1983 ) was a belief of Amaterasu Omikami ( Sun Goddess ) .
Amaterasu Omikami is an ideal idea that the world of the world should be blessed with the world .
He said , ' I 'm ' and Izanagi 's ' Izanagi ' ( literally , ' I 'm ' ) , and it is an idea that the world of the world is said to be a person who is a person who is a pioneering person .
The shrine enshrining Amaterasu Omikami
The shrine enshrining Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is called Jinmyojinja Shrine , but it is located across the country , but the main shrine is the Naiku ( Imperial Palace ) of Ise-jingu Shrine ( Ise-jingu Shrine ) .
The Dai-jingu Shrine is a Shinto shrine that is enshrined as a deity of the Three Sacred Treasures .
Most of the shrines in Japan are distributed to the shrines of Daijingu Shrine ( Taima Daijingu Shrine ) in Japan .
Daimyoshu is a word used to refer to the name of Daimyoshu .
It refers to a person who has a great name .
It is a small name .
It was originally a person who tried to control power in local regions .
Among the samurai society , the term " samurai " meant a samurai who owned many territories and their subordinates .
In the Muromachi period , Shugo ( provincial constable ) strengthened his territory and became a shugo daimyo .
In the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) , the daimyos who established their own territory and established the daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) and Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) were called daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) .
In the Edo period , a samurai family was given to the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and was given to the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that the samurai of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was a samurai of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In addition , daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) were also referred to as the lords of daimyo ( feudal lords ) because the feudal lords had their character and personality .
In this section , it is described as a detailed description in the Edo period .
Refer to the article of the section for the shugo daimyo and Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) .
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Edo period
The daimyo in the Edo period was decided by a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , and the rank was decided by the official court rank , a post , a post , and a post .
First , it is classified as a daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) , such as the Tokugawa Shogun family , and the former daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , who were a vassal of the Tokugawa family before the Battle of Sekigahara , and later became a vassal of the Tokugawa family after the Battle of Sekigahara .
The first shogun , Ieyasu , died of the family , and the Tokugawa family was allowed to use the Tokugawa family to control the Tokugawa family , and in order to support the Tokugawa family , the Tokugawa family was allowed to use the Tokugawa family to the Tokugawa family , and the ninth son Yoshinao TOKUGAWA was allowed to use the Tokugawa family to the Mito Domain and the tenth son Yorifusa TOKUGAWA , the tenth son of Yorifusa TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Mito Domain .
In addition , he was appointed to the lord of the Echizen Domain by Hideyasu YUKI , the second son of Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , the second shogun , and the lord of the Echizen Domain .
In addition , he was appointed as a daimyo ( hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) as a fudai daimyo ( a hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) , which was established by the Tokugawa Shogun family , and in order to secure the military power of the bakufu , he was appointed as an important post in the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was appointed as an important post in the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
The fudai daimyo ( hereditary vassal of the Tokugawa family ) was relatively low , and the Hikone Domain of the Hikone Domain , who was a fudai daimyo ( a hereditary vassal of the Tokugawa family ) , was given a large amount of rice crop yields , but the family of the family of the Hikone clan , the lord of the Hikone clan , and the Ogasawara clan , and the Ogasawara clan , the Hatamoto clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , the Hata clan , and the Toda clan .
It came to be used for the separation of power and military power .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) became a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) who belonged to the Tokugawa family and many families in the Battle of Sekigahara .
In addition , the bakufu was strong , and in the case of failure , a failure of the bakufu was to actively actively actively engaged in propagation , and in case of fear of failure and rebellion , he was sentenced to deprived of punishment .
As a representative daimyo , the clan of the Kaga Domain , the feudal lord of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Satsuma clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Hiroshima clan , the lord of the domain of the Saga clan , the lord of the domain of the Saga clan , the Sake clan , the lord of the domain of the Akita clan , the Sake clan of the Akita clan , the lord of the domain of the Akita clan of the Akita clan in the domain of the Akita clan of the Akita clan of the Akita clan , the lord of the Akita clan of the Akita clan .
In addition , the territory was divided into one province or more than one province or more than one province or more than one province , and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was also divided into a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , and the castle was also divided into the status of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , and in the Edo castle , a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was divided into the social status .
For details , refer to the article .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was not allowed to have a territory of 10 thousand koku ( unit of unit of unit of unit ) of 10 thousand koku ( unit of unit of unit ) of the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was not allowed to keep the territory around the castle and around the castle .
In the case of a single village , it was divided into one village or a village .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was one thousand koku , but the Kitsuregawa clan of the Kikkawa clan was 5,000 koku .
This was because the Kikkawa clan was a descendant of the Ashikaga clan .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) were under the control of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and the system of Sankinkotai ( a system of centralized government based on the ritsuryo code ) .
In addition , in the end of the Edo period , the term " todo-den " was also ordered to be ordered to defend the coast of the coastal defense in the end of the Edo period .
The word for daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord )
Among the kazoku daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) , the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was one of the lords of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) .
A residence of daimyo daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
In Edo , the residence was built in Edo , where the residence was called the residence of the residence .
He was a daimyo daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Edo period were moved to the battlefield in the Edo period .
In addition , a group of a group of a group of a group is used to make a group of a group .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , who was ordered by the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) to the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
It consists of a feudal retainer of domains .
The daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , who had a high interest in rice .
The bakufu ordered the control of the bakufu to control the control of the criminals .
Fushin fushin : Fushin .
He was a bypass of the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The Japanese territorial lord daimyo was a legislation that was established by the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
When he is a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , the fish is made of a fish with three bales of the fish .
It is said that he was a weak .
It is cut into a large amount of fish and meat .
It is purchased by buying a budget .
It is a bowl of rice bowl .
It is referred to as a type of lacquered painting , which is made by a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and a ship of a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , which is also used as a type of lacquered paintings .
It is a horizontal pattern pattern .
According to " Setsuyoshu " ( a collection of Japanese poetry compiled by the Muromachi period ) in the Muromachi period , the following two kinds of ' tamashi ' and ' daimyoyo ' were given to shugo ( provincial constable ) , the latter , and the latter .
In the Sengoku period , the distinction between the sound and the sound of the sound was often called ' tamashi . '
In the early 17th century , the two sound of ' Dainyo ' and ' Taka ' were published , but the distinction of the word is not clear , and the difference between the two sound is not clear .
In the Edo period , the word ' Omyo ' was established in the Edo period , and in the Kansei era , it was called ' Dainyo . '
Shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) , Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period )
Chikamasa , daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) , daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) , and so on
The domain
Shoshu
